Size: 1.1M

Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:30

__errno_location Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
ftell Confirmed
puts Confirmed
ctime Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
rename Confirmed
exit Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
getenv Confirmed
sprintf Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
fputs Confirmed
perror Confirmed
time Confirmed
feof Confirmed
fread Confirmed
printf Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
fseek Confirmed
putchar Confirmed

Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:28

_trie_dump Undecided
free_lines Undecided
sub_6e5a4 Undecided
swf_WriteTag Undecided
_trie_put Undecided
input Undecided
sub_72f95 Undecided
use_asset Undecided
args_callback_longoption Undecided
registry_find Undecided
sub_7583a Undecided
write_asset Undecided
callcode Undecided
registry_use Undecided
swf4_scan_bytes Undecided
cut_last_push Undecided
sub_43254 Undecided
swf4restart Undecided
dump_asset Undecided
sub_46594 Undecided
swf5_scan_bytes Undecided
dump_method Undecided
sub_55177 Undecided
swf5restart Undecided
enumerateUsedIDs Undecided
sub_551a3 Undecided
swf_ShapeSetLine Undecided

Complex:
 Time: 00:00:44

enumerateUsedIDs Undecided
extractTag Undecided
main Undecided
png_load Undecided
png_write_palette_based2 Undecided
writeABC Undecided

Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:34

zlib_error Undecided


Null:
 Time: 01:30:19
abc_file_free 0x55C06  Undecided
abc_file_free 0x55D02  False_pos
add_dependencies 0x6D02C   Undecided
callcode 0x5A718   Undecided
callcode 0x5A959   Undecided
dict_free_all 0x7BF87   Undecided
dict_put 0x7B7FB   False_pos
png_read_header 0x7C8E9   Undecided
png_write_palette_based2 0x7F8CC   Undecided
png_write_palette_based2 0x7F90C   Undecided
png_write_palette_based2 0x7F952   Undecided
swf_FontReduce_swfc 0x437BF   Undecided
swf_Optimize 0x48ED8   Confirmed
swf_ReadABCfile 0x4BA0B   Confirmed
swf_Relocate 0x487A8   False_pos
swf_Shape2ToShape 0x528E1   Undecided
traits_free 0x53A83   Confirmed
varinfo_register_onclass 0x5C69B  False_pos


Unused:
Time: 00:33:24
calloc 0x79E81 Undecided
fprintf 0x54BF2 Undecided
fprintf 0x7DD83 Undecided
fwrite 0x4BFDD Undecided
memcpy 0x52241 Undecided
printf 0x70D7D Undecided
close 0x3EAC3 Undecided
fprintf 0x54C69 Undecided
fprintf 0x7DE3C Undecided
fwrite 0x4CFED Undecided
memcpy 0x52267 Undecided
printf 0x7AAF5 Undecided
close 0x40BE9 Undecided
fprintf 0x54C83 Undecided
fprintf 0x7FDDA Undecided
fwrite 0x4E0F2 Undecided
memcpy 0x526E1 Undecided
printf 0x7D5E9 Undecided
close 0x40DCF Undecided
fprintf 0x54C9A Undecided
fprintf 0x801E8 Undecided
fwrite 0x4F170 Undecided
memcpy 0x5270D Undecided
printf 0x7D607 Undecided
close 0x44EC1 Undecided
fprintf 0x54CE0 Undecided
fprintf 0x80EBB Undecided
fwrite 0x4FC46 Undecided
memcpy 0x546C9 Undecided
printf 0x7D93B Undecided
close 0x44F1C Undecided
fprintf 0x54D2D Undecided
fprintf 0x80F3A Undecided
fwrite 0x4FC8F Undecided
memcpy 0x72F4E Undecided
printf 0x7D9CA Undecided
close 0x4B972 Undecided
fprintf 0x54D4D Undecided
fprintf 0x8235D Undecided
fwrite 0x5056A Undecided
memcpy 0x79D26 Undecided
printf 0x7E6FC Undecided
close 0x4C095 Undecided
fprintf 0x54E1F Undecided
fprintf 0x826A3 Undecided
fwrite 0x507D1 Undecided
memcpy 0x7A375 Undecided
putchar 0x3E517 Undecided
close 0x80961 Undecided
fprintf 0x54E56 Undecided
fprintf 0x82730 Undecided
fwrite 0x50CE0 Undecided
memcpy 0x7A3A0 Undecided
putchar 0x3F1B5 Undecided
close 0x80BD8 Undecided
fprintf 0x54FE2 Undecided
fprintf 0x82798 Undecided
fwrite 0x52992 Undecided
memcpy 0x7A460 Undecided
putchar 0x41FB9 Undecided
close 0x80D14 Undecided
fprintf 0x55012 Undecided
fprintf 0x827E4 Undecided
fwrite 0x529BD Undecided
memcpy 0x7A497 Undecided
putchar 0x4D986 Undecided
fclose 0x3F586 Undecided
fprintf 0x55062 Undecided
fputc 0x49705 Undecided
fwrite 0x53441 Undecided
memcpy 0x7A4AF Undecided
putchar 0x4DA3F Undecided
fclose 0x3F646 Undecided
fprintf 0x5508F Undecided
fputc 0x4F41C Undecided
fwrite 0x54DBB Undecided
memcpy 0x7ACC0 Undecided
putchar 0x5D2D8 Undecided
fclose 0x3F687 Undecided
fprintf 0x550B0 Undecided
fputc 0x4F42B Undecided
fwrite 0x54DD9 Undecided
memcpy 0x7B1DC Undecided
putchar 0x6EECB Undecided
fclose 0x408B8 Undecided
fprintf 0x551EF Undecided
fputc 0x551D6 Undecided
fwrite 0x54DF7 Undecided
memcpy 0x7B282 Undecided
putchar 0x70D61 Undecided
fclose 0x412B6 Undecided
fprintf 0x5527A Undecided
fputc 0x58731 Undecided
fwrite 0x5725F Undecided
memcpy 0x7B296 Undecided
puts 0x3E459 Undecided
fclose 0x7D555 Undecided
fprintf 0x5597F Undecided
fputc 0x5BAB4 Undecided
fwrite 0x57294 Undecided
memcpy 0x7CFB4 Undecided
puts 0x3E465 Undecided
fclose 0x7D617 Undecided
fprintf 0x568E3 Undecided
fputc 0x5BC86 Undecided
fwrite 0x58724 Undecided
memcpy 0x7D7A9 Undecided
puts 0x3E471 Undecided
fclose 0x7D900 Undecided
fprintf 0x56B0D Undecided
fputc 0x7A822 Undecided
fwrite 0x58C8D Undecided
memcpy 0x7E45B Undecided
puts 0x3E47D Undecided
fclose 0x80A5C Undecided
fprintf 0x57704 Undecided
fputs 0x5B942 Undecided
fwrite 0x58DFC Undecided
memcpy 0x7E717 Undecided
puts 0x3E489 Undecided
fclose 0x80A64 Undecided
fprintf 0x57826 Undecided
fputs 0x5B965 Undecided
fwrite 0x5BEB6 Undecided
memcpy 0x7E822 Undecided
puts 0x3E495 Undecided
fclose 0x80AFB Undecided
fprintf 0x579FE Undecided
fread 0x7C806 Undecided
fwrite 0x5C128 Undecided
memcpy 0x80DA1 Undecided
puts 0x3E4A1 Undecided
fclose 0x82062 Undecided
fprintf 0x57B65 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DB53 Undecided
fwrite 0x7AB98 Undecided
memcpy 0x80E39 Undecided
puts 0x3E4AD Undecided
fclose 0x820E8 Undecided
fprintf 0x57BA9 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DB83 Undecided
fwrite 0x7CDBF Undecided
memmove 0x3F797 Undecided
puts 0x3E4B9 Undecided
fopen 0x82093 Undecided
fprintf 0x57BF1 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DBC5 Undecided
fwrite 0x7CE01 Undecided
memset 0x41352 Undecided
puts 0x3E4C5 Undecided
fprintf 0x3E37C Undecided
fprintf 0x57C4B Undecided
fwrite 0x3DC07 Undecided
fwrite 0x7CE63 Undecided
memset 0x41366 Undecided
puts 0x3E4D1 Undecided
fprintf 0x3E409 Undecided
fprintf 0x57CA1 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DC45 Undecided
fwrite 0x7CEA5 Undecided
memset 0x4860B Undecided
puts 0x3E4DD Undecided
fprintf 0x3E57D Undecided
fprintf 0x57D0D Undecided
fwrite 0x3DCED Undecided
fwrite 0x7CEE7 Undecided
memset 0x7DDE2 Undecided
puts 0x3E4E9 Undecided
fprintf 0x3F335 Undecided
fprintf 0x57D5B Undecided
fwrite 0x3DD13 Undecided
fwrite 0x7CF25 Undecided
memset 0x80B68 Undecided
puts 0x3E4F5 Undecided
fprintf 0x3F7B9 Undecided
fprintf 0x57EB1 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DD55 Undecided
fwrite 0x7CFD6 Undecided
memset 0x81875 Undecided
puts 0x3E501 Undecided
fprintf 0x3F7E9 Undecided
fprintf 0x585A4 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DD97 Undecided
fwrite 0x7CFFC Undecided
printf 0x3DE88 Undecided
puts 0x3E50D Undecided
fprintf 0x3F8E3 Undecided
fprintf 0x585C0 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DDD9 Undecided
fwrite 0x7D03E Undecided
printf 0x3E2F6 Undecided
puts 0x3E523 Undecided
fprintf 0x4083D Undecided
fprintf 0x58617 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DEC6 Undecided
fwrite 0x7D080 Undecided
printf 0x3E44D Undecided
puts 0x3E52F Undecided
fprintf 0x40958 Undecided
fprintf 0x58633 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DF2B Undecided
fwrite 0x7D0C2 Undecided
printf 0x3EFCF Undecided
puts 0x3E53B Undecided
fprintf 0x40DC8 Undecided
fprintf 0x58697 Undecided
fwrite 0x3DFE1 Undecided
fwrite 0x7F7FC Undecided
printf 0x3F057 Undecided
puts 0x3E547 Undecided
fprintf 0x41A4C Undecided
fprintf 0x586B3 Undecided
fwrite 0x3E049 Undecided
fwrite 0x7FB69 Undecided
printf 0x3F0D6 Undecided
puts 0x3EB61 Undecided
fprintf 0x423AC Undecided
fprintf 0x5870F Undecided
fwrite 0x3E0B1 Undecided
fwrite 0x7FBB1 Undecided
printf 0x3F104 Undecided
puts 0x3F203 Undecided
fprintf 0x4258E Undecided
fprintf 0x5874D Undecided
fwrite 0x3E119 Undecided
fwrite 0x7FC44 Undecided
printf 0x3F14C Undecided
puts 0x3F228 Undecided
fprintf 0x4315A Undecided
fprintf 0x587B4 Undecided
fwrite 0x3E181 Undecided
fwrite 0x7FC82 Undecided
printf 0x3F165 Undecided
puts 0x4DA88 Undecided
fprintf 0x431E0 Undecided
fprintf 0x58837 Undecided
fwrite 0x3E1E9 Undecided
fwrite 0x7FCC0 Undecided
printf 0x3F1AB Undecided
puts 0x4F522 Undecided
fprintf 0x44BAA Undecided
fprintf 0x588B7 Undecided
fwrite 0x3ED39 Undecided
fwrite 0x7FCFE Undecided
printf 0x3F2DB Undecided
puts 0x4F547 Undecided
fprintf 0x44BDF Undecided
fprintf 0x58C19 Undecided
fwrite 0x3F563 Undecided
fwrite 0x7FDFB Undecided
printf 0x41131 Undecided
puts 0x82388 Undecided
fprintf 0x44F15 Undecided
fprintf 0x5A254 Undecided
fwrite 0x3F57E Undecided
fwrite 0x7FE8D Undecided
printf 0x4D2D3 Undecided
puts 0x826D6 Undecided
fprintf 0x45526 Undecided
fprintf 0x5A665 Undecided
fwrite 0x3F618 Undecided
fwrite 0x7FECE Undecided
printf 0x4DA24 Undecided
snprintf 0x3E5C4 Undecided
fprintf 0x46E2C Undecided
fprintf 0x5A6DF Undecided
fwrite 0x3F63E Undecided
fwrite 0x7FF0F Undecided
printf 0x4DA77 Undecided
sprintf 0x46554 Undecided
fprintf 0x47205 Undecided
fprintf 0x5A74B Undecided
fwrite 0x3F67F Undecided
fwrite 0x7FF92 Undecided
printf 0x4DB02 Undecided
sprintf 0x4C19A Undecided
fprintf 0x4766F Undecided
fprintf 0x5A776 Undecided
fwrite 0x405EE Undecided
fwrite 0x80249 Undecided
printf 0x4DB47 Undecided
sprintf 0x4C373 Undecided
fprintf 0x48889 Undecided
fprintf 0x5A86F Undecided
fwrite 0x408B0 Undecided
fwrite 0x80518 Undecided
printf 0x4F44D Undecided
sprintf 0x4C392 Undecided
fprintf 0x49114 Undecided
fprintf 0x5A9BA Undecided
fwrite 0x40B34 Undecided
fwrite 0x80546 Undecided
printf 0x4F462 Undecided
sprintf 0x4C3B1 Undecided
fprintf 0x49201 Undecided
fprintf 0x5AAE9 Undecided
fwrite 0x40D59 Undecided
fwrite 0x80574 Undecided
printf 0x4F477 Undecided
sprintf 0x54F88 Undecided
fprintf 0x4924F Undecided
fprintf 0x5ABD7 Undecided
fwrite 0x40D83 Undecided
fwrite 0x805A2 Undecided
printf 0x4F48B Undecided
sprintf 0x55170 Undecided
fprintf 0x492C0 Undecided
fprintf 0x5AC1A Undecided
fwrite 0x4171C Undecided
fwrite 0x805D0 Undecided
printf 0x4F49F Undecided
sprintf 0x56B97 Undecided
fprintf 0x4933C Undecided
fprintf 0x5AC50 Undecided
fwrite 0x43C86 Undecided
fwrite 0x8060A Undecided
printf 0x4F4C7 Undecided
sprintf 0x57617 Undecided
fprintf 0x4958D Undecided
fprintf 0x5ADCC Undecided
fwrite 0x442CF Undecided
fwrite 0x80A3B Undecided
printf 0x4F4E4 Undecided
sprintf 0x57640 Undecided
fprintf 0x496A3 Undecided
fprintf 0x5B865 Undecided
fwrite 0x451B6 Undecided
fwrite 0x80DCE Undecided
printf 0x4F4FD Undecided
sprintf 0x57663 Undecided
fprintf 0x496E8 Undecided
fprintf 0x5B8AA Undecided
fwrite 0x453C2 Undecided
fwrite 0x80E69 Undecided
printf 0x4F516 Undecided
sprintf 0x8086B Undecided
fprintf 0x4B090 Undecided
fprintf 0x5B8E1 Undecided
fwrite 0x46B6F Undecided
fwrite 0x810CB Undecided
printf 0x4F53B Undecided
sprintf 0x808B2 Undecided
fprintf 0x4BFB7 Undecided
fprintf 0x5B90B Undecided
fwrite 0x48655 Undecided
fwrite 0x810ED Undecided
printf 0x4F55C Undecided
sprintf 0x822D0 Undecided
fprintf 0x4C0CC Undecided
fprintf 0x5B9B7 Undecided
fwrite 0x48788 Undecided
fwrite 0x81150 Undecided
printf 0x4F571 Undecided
sprintf 0x82616 Undecided
fprintf 0x4F1A1 Undecided
fprintf 0x5B9F3 Undecided
fwrite 0x48903 Undecided
fwrite 0x81182 Undecided
printf 0x4F586 Undecided
strcat 0x56C94 Undecided
fprintf 0x4F1CC Undecided
fprintf 0x5BAD8 Undecided
fwrite 0x48AB5 Undecided
fwrite 0x8122A Undecided
printf 0x4F5FC Undecided
strcat 0x56F54 Undecided
fprintf 0x4F1F2 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BBB4 Undecided
fwrite 0x48B0F Undecided
fwrite 0x81955 Undecided
printf 0x4F63A Undecided
strcat 0x56F73 Undecided
fprintf 0x4F210 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BC16 Undecided
fwrite 0x49B87 Undecided
fwrite 0x8199A Undecided
printf 0x4F69D Undecided
strcat 0x56FA8 Undecided
fprintf 0x4F228 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BC65 Undecided
fwrite 0x49D69 Undecided
fwrite 0x81A08 Undecided
printf 0x4FC6D Undecided
strcat 0x5712D Undecided
fprintf 0x4F29B Undecided
fprintf 0x5BCB1 Undecided
fwrite 0x49DB6 Undecided
fwrite 0x81A2A Undecided
printf 0x52DA3 Undecided
strcat 0x5715A Undecided
fprintf 0x4F2E6 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BDAC Undecided
fwrite 0x4A2F7 Undecided
fwrite 0x81AE2 Undecided
printf 0x5A5A1 Undecided
strcat 0x571D1 Undecided
fprintf 0x4F300 Undecided
fprintf 0x5C8CE Undecided
fwrite 0x4A912 Undecided
fwrite 0x81B2C Undecided
printf 0x5ACED Undecided
strcat 0x6D74B Undecided
fprintf 0x4F342 Undecided
fprintf 0x5CA3B Undecided
fwrite 0x4A954 Undecided
fwrite 0x81B51 Undecided
printf 0x5AD0D Undecided
strcat 0x807A0 Undecided
fprintf 0x4F38C Undecided
fprintf 0x6D08D Undecided
fwrite 0x4A97F Undecided
lseek 0x80BEF Undecided
printf 0x5B17F Undecided
strcpy 0x4EBB2 Undecided
fprintf 0x4F402 Undecided
fprintf 0x6D0EA Undecided
fwrite 0x4ADCD Undecided
malloc 0x3E9BD Undecided
printf 0x5B35F Undecided
strcpy 0x4ED73 Undecided
fprintf 0x4FCE7 Undecided
fprintf 0x6D46D Undecided
fwrite 0x4AE2B Undecided
memcpy 0x3DCD6 Undecided
printf 0x5B373 Undecided
strcpy 0x6EE1D Undecided
fprintf 0x5028F Undecided
fprintf 0x70D31 Undecided
fwrite 0x4B1A7 Undecided
memcpy 0x3E9D0 Undecided
printf 0x5B387 Undecided
strcpy 0x806F7 Undecided
fprintf 0x50309 Undecided
fprintf 0x79FCC Undecided
fwrite 0x4B1D1 Undecided
memcpy 0x47D34 Undecided
printf 0x5BA1C Undecided
strcpy 0x821BC Undecided
fprintf 0x5042D Undecided
fprintf 0x7B470 Undecided
fwrite 0x4B1FB Undecided
memcpy 0x49386 Undecided
printf 0x5CA78 Undecided
strcpy 0x82501 Undecided
fprintf 0x51522 Undecided
fprintf 0x7B8C6 Undecided
fwrite 0x4B458 Undecided
memcpy 0x493CF Undecided
printf 0x5CAF5 Undecided
unlink 0x80A6C Undecided
fprintf 0x5187D Undecided
fprintf 0x7C2C5 Undecided
fwrite 0x4B536 Undecided
memcpy 0x4DDE7 Undecided
printf 0x5D2C9 Undecided
write 0x4C1CF Undecided
fprintf 0x51AC8 Undecided
fprintf 0x7C30F Undecided
fwrite 0x4B607 Undecided
memcpy 0x4DE10 Undecided
printf 0x5D346 Undecided
fprintf 0x52DC1 Undecided
fprintf 0x7C966 Undecided
fwrite 0x4B6CF Undecided
memcpy 0x52102 Undecided
printf 0x5D35E Undecided
fprintf 0x52EF8 Undecided
fprintf 0x7D537 Undecided
fwrite 0x4BB57 Undecided
memcpy 0x52129 Undecided
printf 0x6EEDE Undecided


 memcheck-out-of-bound:
 Time: 00:33:14
 Total: 10

 memcheck-use-after-release:
 Time: 00:33:14
 Total: 32

 value-was-used-before-check:
 Time: 00:33:14
 Total: 224
