Size: 745K

 Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:19

__errno_location Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
perror Confirmed
setbuf Confirmed
exit Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
printf Confirmed
signal Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
fputs Confirmed
putchar Confirmed
time Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
puts Confirmed
fgets Confirmed
getenv Confirmed
rename Confirmed


 Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:20

app_malloc Undecided
sub_4ffd0 Undecided
do_revoke Undecided
sub_50078 Undecided
dump_certs_pkeys_bag Undecided
sub_5636d Undecided
generate_cookie_callback Undecided
sub_58d90 Undecided
print_ssl_summary Undecided
sub_5d3b3 Undecided
sub_45bed Undecided
sub_5d818 Undecided
sub_45f45 Undecided
sub_5f053 Undecided
sub_473b0 Undecided
sub_67160 Undecided
sub_4ffb6 Undecided
sub_671a5 Undecided


 Complex:
 Time: 00:00:29

ca_main Undecided
smime_main Undecided
sub_58d90 Undecided
dgst_main Undecided
srp_main Undecided
sub_5d3b3 Undecided
do_body Undecided
enc_main Undecided
sub_38c7c Undecided
sub_671b2 Undecided
engine_main Undecided
sub_3fdef Undecided
sub_6968c Undecided
ocsp_main Undecided
sub_4b5a8 Undecided
sub_715b6 Undecided
req_main Undecided
sub_4e510 Undecided
www_body Undecided
s_server_main Undecided
sub_51459 Undecided
x509_main Undecided


 Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:25

main Undecided

 Null:
 Time: 00:46:44
srp_verify_user 0x6FBE5 False_pos


 Unused:
Time: 00:32:27
alarm 0x69925 Undecided
alarm 0x6D41A Undecided
fprintf 0x6F579 Undecided
printf 0x639DC Undecided
printf 0x6C109 Undecided
sleep 0x5E61D Undecided
alarm 0x69E1A Undecided
alarm 0x6D4C7 Undecided
fputc 0x5217F Undecided
printf 0x63A26 Undecided
printf 0x720E4 Undecided
sleep 0x5F2F1 Undecided
alarm 0x69E8E Undecided
alarm 0x6D61D Undecided
fputc 0x63655 Undecided
printf 0x63A5F Undecided
printf 0x7234E Undecided
snprintf 0x5012C Undecided
alarm 0x6A053 Undecided
alarm 0x6D6CA Undecided
fputc 0x63912 Undecided
printf 0x67937 Undecided
printf 0x72C96 Undecided
snprintf 0x50216 Undecided
alarm 0x6A5D7 Undecided
alarm 0x6D838 Undecided
fputc 0x6F3E3 Undecided
printf 0x67971 Undecided
printf 0x72D45 Undecided
snprintf 0x502B7 Undecided
alarm 0x6A704 Undecided
alarm 0x6D8DA Undecided
fputc 0x6F439 Undecided
printf 0x67EC7 Undecided
printf 0x72D7D Undecided
strlen 0x4D9BF Undecided
alarm 0x6A7FE Undecided
alarm 0x6DA47 Undecided
fputc 0x6F522 Undecided
printf 0x67F28 Undecided
printf 0x72DA7 Undecided
strlen 0x57F90 Undecided
alarm 0x6A886 Undecided
alarm 0x6DAEF Undecided
fputs 0x2E899 Undecided
printf 0x680A7 Undecided
printf 0x72E1D Undecided
strlen 0x5CEE3 Undecided
alarm 0x6AA18 Undecided
alarm 0x6E0C8 Undecided
fwrite 0x52140 Undecided
printf 0x680F6 Undecided
printf 0x72E4E Undecided
strncpy 0x4784E Undecided
alarm 0x6AB6E Undecided
alarm 0x6E110 Undecided
fwrite 0x5216E Undecided
printf 0x681AF Undecided
printf 0x72E7C Undecided
strncpy 0x478DA Undecided
alarm 0x6ACC6 Undecided
alarm 0x6E1F6 Undecided
fwrite 0x525CF Undecided
printf 0x681FC Undecided
printf 0x73658 Undecided
strtok 0x50771 Undecided
alarm 0x6AE1E Undecided
alarm 0x6E23A Undecided
fwrite 0x6F39F Undecided
printf 0x68353 Undecided
printf 0x73699 Undecided
strtol 0x45074 Undecided
alarm 0x6AF76 Undecided
alarm 0x6E69E Undecided
fwrite 0x6F4C8 Undecided
printf 0x68370 Undecided
printf 0x736AF Undecided
strtol 0x4536F Undecided
alarm 0x6B0D0 Undecided
alarm 0x6E6E6 Undecided
fwrite 0x6F4E5 Undecided
printf 0x683DB Undecided
printf 0x736C5 Undecided
strtol 0x485DB Undecided
alarm 0x6B22E Undecided
alarm 0x6E7CE Undecided
getenv 0x2E604 Undecided
printf 0x68453 Undecided
printf 0x736DB Undecided
strtol 0x59099 Undecided
alarm 0x6B386 Undecided
alarm 0x6E812 Undecided
memcpy 0x2FAFD Undecided
printf 0x6949C Undecided
printf 0x736F1 Undecided
strtol 0x59360 Undecided
alarm 0x6B4DE Undecided
alarm 0x6E982 Undecided
memcpy 0x36153 Undecided
printf 0x69522 Undecided
printf 0x73707 Undecided
strtol 0x59581 Undecided
alarm 0x6B636 Undecided
alarm 0x6E9C2 Undecided
memcpy 0x362E0 Undecided
printf 0x69538 Undecided
putchar 0x67E05 Undecided
strtol 0x599FF Undecided
alarm 0x6B78E Undecided
alarm 0x6EB5B Undecided
memcpy 0x5773F Undecided
printf 0x6954E Undecided
putchar 0x6964F Undecided
strtol 0x59A49 Undecided
alarm 0x6B8F0 Undecided
alarm 0x6EC3D Undecided
memcpy 0x57914 Undecided
printf 0x69564 Undecided
putchar 0x72DF1 Undecided
strtol 0x59C95 Undecided
alarm 0x6BA46 Undecided
alarm 0x6EDAC Undecided
memcpy 0x5F997 Undecided
printf 0x6957A Undecided
putchar 0x73711 Undecided
strtol 0x60E69 Undecided
alarm 0x6BBEE Undecided
alarm 0x6EED1 Undecided
memcpy 0x72A59 Undecided
printf 0x69590 Undecided
puts 0x634A2 Undecided
strtol 0x61E38 Undecided
alarm 0x6C4DC Undecided
alarm 0x6EF11 Undecided
memset 0x40BC1 Undecided
printf 0x695A6 Undecided
puts 0x63550 Undecided
strtol 0x62037 Undecided
alarm 0x6C7F7 Undecided
alarm 0x6EFF3 Undecided
memset 0x6923B Undecided
printf 0x695C1 Undecided
puts 0x69502 Undecided
strtol 0x62057 Undecided
alarm 0x6CA95 Undecided
alarm 0x6F124 Undecided
memset 0x6E33A Undecided
printf 0x695E9 Undecided
puts 0x69514 Undecided
strtol 0x62184 Undecided
alarm 0x6CC11 Undecided
alarm 0x6F2AE Undecided
memset 0x6E585 Undecided
printf 0x69631 Undecided
puts 0x6966C Undecided
strtol 0x621A1 Undecided
alarm 0x6CCB7 Undecided
alarm 0x6F653 Undecided
memset 0x6E90F Undecided
printf 0x6967A Undecided
puts 0x720FE Undecided
strtol 0x62298 Undecided
alarm 0x6CD68 Undecided
close 0x33353 Undecided
memset 0x6EAF7 Undecided
printf 0x69F3B Undecided
puts 0x7247A Undecided
strtol 0x623B0 Undecided
alarm 0x6CE44 Undecided
fclose 0x3324F Undecided
printf 0x417CB Undecided
printf 0x6BEFD Undecided
puts 0x7351D Undecided
strtoul 0x487EB Undecided
alarm 0x6CEF2 Undecided
fprintf 0x6F3B8 Undecided
printf 0x41E64 Undecided
printf 0x6BF5D Undecided
puts 0x7366F Undecided
sysconf 0x32FF5 Undecided
alarm 0x6D00D Undecided
fprintf 0x6F402 Undecided
printf 0x41E87 Undecided
printf 0x6BF81 Undecided
puts 0x73686 Undecided
unlink 0x62F41 Undecided
alarm 0x6D0B7 Undecided
fprintf 0x6F423 Undecided
printf 0x5E007 Undecided
printf 0x6C027 Undecided
puts 0x73728 Undecided
write 0x330CF Undecided
alarm 0x6D218 Undecided
fprintf 0x6F4FE Undecided
printf 0x63825 Undecided
printf 0x6C085 Undecided
puts 0x7373F Undecided
alarm 0x6D2BF Undecided
fprintf 0x6F53C Undecided
printf 0x639A3 Undecided
printf 0x6C0E5 Undecided
puts 0x73751 Undecided



Value-was-used-before-check:
Time: 00:27:22
Total: 10
