Size: 241K

 Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:08

__errno_location Confirmed
fread Confirmed
puts Confirmed
ctime Confirmed
fseek Confirmed
rename Confirmed
exit Confirmed
ftell Confirmed
sprintf Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
time Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
getenv Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
perror Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
printf Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
putchar Confirmed

 Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:08

args_callback_longoption Undecided
sub_dbee Undecided
enumerateUsedIDs Undecided
swf4_scan_bytes Undecided
input Undecided
swf4restart Undecided
sub_11494 Undecided
swf5_scan_bytes Undecided
sub_13d39 Undecided
swf5restart Undecided
sub_caa3 Undecided
swf_WriteTag Undecided
sub_db7e Undecided

 Complex:
 Time: 00:00:11

enumerateUsedIDs Undecided

 Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:10

zlib_error Undecided

 Null:
 Time: 00:20:07

swf_ReadABCfile 0x8963 Undecided
swf_Relocate 0xB1E9 Undecided
swf_Optimize 0xB919 Undecided
swf4_load_buffer_state 0xD1BD Undecided
swf5_load_buffer_state 0xF081 Undecided

 Unused:
Time: 00:09:24
close 0x1A9F3 Undecided
fprintf 0x19FFE Undecided
fwrite 0x19494 Undecided
fwrite 0x6D0E Undecided
printf 0x18250 Undecided
puts 0x1830C Undecided
close 0x1AC6A Undecided
fprintf 0x1A338 Undecided
fwrite 0x19D22 Undecided
fwrite 0x724F Undecided
printf 0x18264 Undecided
puts 0x1C41A Undecided
close 0x1ADA6 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AF4D Undecided
fwrite 0x19DBD Undecided
fwrite 0x786A Undecided
printf 0x1828C Undecided
puts 0x1C768 Undecided
close 0x88CA Undecided
fprintf 0x1AFCC Undecided
fwrite 0x19FCE Undecided
fwrite 0x78AC Undecided
printf 0x182A9 Undecided
puts 0x3609 Undecided
close 0x8FED Undecided
fprintf 0x1C3EF Undecided
fwrite 0x1A069 Undecided
fwrite 0x78D7 Undecided
printf 0x182C2 Undecided
puts 0x3615 Undecided
fclose 0x19CFD Undecided
fprintf 0x1C735 Undecided
fwrite 0x1A0A7 Undecided
fwrite 0x7D25 Undecided
printf 0x182DB Undecided
puts 0x3621 Undecided
fclose 0x19D2A Undecided
fprintf 0x1C7C2 Undecided
fwrite 0x1A0C0 Undecided
fwrite 0x7D83 Undecided
printf 0x18300 Undecided
puts 0x362D Undecided
fclose 0x19D98 Undecided
fprintf 0x1C82A Undecided
fwrite 0x1A15F Undecided
fwrite 0x80FF Undecided
printf 0x18321 Undecided
puts 0x3639 Undecided
fclose 0x19DC5 Undecided
fprintf 0x1C876 Undecided
fwrite 0x1A178 Undecided
fwrite 0x8129 Undecided
printf 0x18336 Undecided
puts 0x3645 Undecided
fclose 0x19F80 Undecided
fprintf 0x33FA Undecided
fwrite 0x1A1AC Undecided
fwrite 0x8153 Undecided
printf 0x1834B Undecided
puts 0x3651 Undecided
fclose 0x19FAC Undecided
fprintf 0x343B Undecided
fwrite 0x1A1D4 Undecided
fwrite 0x83B0 Undecided
printf 0x183C1 Undecided
puts 0x365D Undecided
fclose 0x19FD6 Undecided
fprintf 0x3463 Undecided
fwrite 0x1AACD Undecided
fwrite 0x848E Undecided
printf 0x183FF Undecided
puts 0x3669 Undecided
fclose 0x1A00F Undecided
fprintf 0x3518 Undecided
fwrite 0x1AE60 Undecided
fwrite 0x855F Undecided
printf 0x18462 Undecided
puts 0x3675 Undecided
fclose 0x1A1DC Undecided
fprintf 0x35A5 Undecided
fwrite 0x1AEFB Undecided
fwrite 0x8627 Undecided
printf 0x18A32 Undecided
puts 0x3681 Undecided
fclose 0x1AAEE Undecided
fprintf 0x36CA Undecided
fwrite 0x1B15D Undecided
fwrite 0x8AAF Undecided
printf 0x1A1C0 Undecided
puts 0x368D Undecided
fclose 0x1AAF6 Undecided
fprintf 0x6159 Undecided
fwrite 0x1B17F Undecided
fwrite 0x8F35 Undecided
printf 0x1A21C Undecided
puts 0x4AC7 Undecided
fclose 0x1AB8D Undecided
fprintf 0x61A7 Undecided
fwrite 0x1B1E2 Undecided
fwrite 0x95B0 Undecided
printf 0x3243 Undecided
realloc 0xD6AA Undecided
fclose 0x1C0F4 Undecided
fprintf 0x6218 Undecided
fwrite 0x1B214 Undecided
fwrite 0xB096 Undecided
printf 0x327C Undecided
realloc 0xF566 Undecided
fclose 0x1C17A Undecided
fprintf 0x6294 Undecided
fwrite 0x1B2BC Undecided
fwrite 0xB1C9 Undecided
printf 0x3491 Undecided
sprintf 0x1A8FD Undecided
fprintf 0x17F66 Undecided
fprintf 0x64E5 Undecided
fwrite 0x1B9E7 Undecided
fwrite 0xB344 Undecided
printf 0x35F3 Undecided
sprintf 0x1A944 Undecided
fprintf 0x17F91 Undecided
fprintf 0x65FB Undecided
fwrite 0x1BA2C Undecided
fwrite 0xB4F6 Undecided
printf 0x4312 Undecided
sprintf 0x1C362 Undecided
fprintf 0x17FB7 Undecided
fprintf 0x6640 Undecided
fwrite 0x1BA9A Undecided
fwrite 0xB550 Undecided
printf 0x4A63 Undecided
sprintf 0x1C6A8 Undecided
fprintf 0x17FD5 Undecided
fprintf 0x7FE8 Undecided
fwrite 0x1BABC Undecided
lseek 0x1AC81 Undecided
printf 0x4AB6 Undecided
sprintf 0x90F2 Undecided
fprintf 0x17FED Undecided
fprintf 0x8F0F Undecided
fwrite 0x1BB74 Undecided
memcpy 0x1AE33 Undecided
printf 0x4B41 Undecided
strcat 0x1A832 Undecided
fprintf 0x18060 Undecided
fprintf 0x9024 Undecided
fwrite 0x1BB99 Undecided
memcpy 0x1AECB Undecided
printf 0x4B86 Undecided
strcat 0xBC4A Undecided
fprintf 0x180AB Undecided
fprintf 0x9495 Undecided
fwrite 0x1BBBE Undecided
memcpy 0x4E26 Undecided
printf 0x9340 Undecided
strcpy 0x1A789 Undecided
fprintf 0x180C5 Undecided
fprintf 0x986D Undecided
fwrite 0x1BBE3 Undecided
memcpy 0x4E4F Undecided
printf 0xD3DD Undecided
strcpy 0x1C24E Undecided
fprintf 0x18107 Undecided
fprintf 0x9C46 Undecided
fwrite 0x3223 Undecided
memcpy 0x62DE Undecided
printf 0xF27C Undecided
strcpy 0x1C593 Undecided
fprintf 0x18151 Undecided
fprintf 0xA0B0 Undecided
fwrite 0x3413 Undecided
memcpy 0x6327 Undecided
putchar 0x3258 Undecided
strcpy 0x5BF1 Undecided
fprintf 0x181C7 Undecided
fprintf 0xB2CA Undecided
fwrite 0x384F Undecided
memcpy 0xA775 Undecided
putchar 0x35DF Undecided
strcpy 0x5DB2 Undecided
fprintf 0x18AAC Undecided
fprintf 0xBB55 Undecided
fwrite 0x402C Undecided
memset 0x1ABFA Undecided
putchar 0x35FD Undecided
strcpy 0xD31C Undecided
fprintf 0x19054 Undecided
fprintf 0xF230 Undecided
fwrite 0x5131 Undecided
memset 0x1B907 Undecided
putchar 0x3697 Undecided
strtol 0x32BA Undecided
fprintf 0x190CE Undecided
fputc 0x181E1 Undecided
fwrite 0x5EED Undecided
memset 0x3B7F Undecided
putchar 0x49C5 Undecided
unlink 0x1AAFE Undecided
fprintf 0x197C4 Undecided
fputc 0x181F0 Undecided
fwrite 0x5F1B Undecided
memset 0xB04C Undecided
putchar 0x4A7E Undecided
write 0x9127 Undecided
fprintf 0x19D5B Undecided
fputc 0x665D Undecided
fwrite 0x5F49 Undecided
printf 0x18212 Undecided
putchar 0xD3CA Undecided
fprintf 0x19D8B Undecided
fwrite 0x18A0B Undecided
fwrite 0x6ADF Undecided
printf 0x18227 Undecided
putchar 0xF260 Undecided
fprintf 0x19FA4 Undecided
fwrite 0x18A54 Undecided
fwrite 0x6CC1 Undecided
printf 0x1823C Undecided
puts 0x182E7 Undecided

 memcheck-out-of-bound:
 Time: 00:11:03
 Total: 4

 memcheck-use-after-release:
 Time: 00:11:03
 Total: 4

 value-was-used-before-check:
 Time: 00:11:03
 Total: 65
