Size: 934K

Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:45

__errno_location Confirmed
abort Confirmed
atoi Confirmed
exit Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
fgets Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
fread Confirmed
fseek Confirmed
ftell Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
gmtime Confirmed
localtime Confirmed
mktime Confirmed
perror Confirmed
printf Confirmed
putchar Confirmed
puts Confirmed
signal Confirmed
vprintf Confirmed

Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:45

eapol_sm_step Undecided
sub_88c42 Undecided
wpa_driver_nl80211_scan Undecided
wpas_set_pkcs11_engine_and_module_path Undecided

Complex:
 Time: 00:01:07

nl80211_connect_common Undecided
print_bss_info Undecided
wpa_config_get_cred_no_key Undecided
wpa_config_set_cred Undecided
wpa_config_write_global Undecided
wpa_driver_nl80211_set_ap Undecided
wpa_sm_rx_eapol Undecided
wpa_supplicant_ctrl_iface_process Undecided
wpa_supplicant_req_sched_scan Undecided
wpa_supplicant_scan Undecided
wpas_start_assoc_cb Undecided

Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:53

not found

Null:
 Time: 02:41:31

dl_list_del 0x17310 Undecided
eloop_cancel_timeout 0x17C6D Undecided
wpa_config_get_line 0x18B5C Undecided
wpa_config_read 0x19533 Undecided
dl_list_add 0x21C36 Undecided
pmksa_candidate_free 0x21E0F Undecided
eap_sm_processNotify 0x3AE95 Undecided
dl_list_del 0x751D0 Undecided
qca_nl80211_avoid_freq 0x7B91A Undecided
qca_nl80211_avoid_freq 0x7B964 Undecided
clean_survey_results 0x8FBF4 Undecided


Unused:
Time: 01:27:04
alarm 0x180A1 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B0BE Confirmed
memcpy 0x31703 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8D79E Confirmed
memset 0x5CF97 Confirmed
memset 0x7E907 Confirmed
alarm 0x18139 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B0F1 Confirmed
memcpy 0x317A3 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8D930 Confirmed
memset 0x5D0A7 Confirmed
memset 0x7EA56 Confirmed
atoi 0x14C5D Undecided
fprintf 0x1B122 Confirmed
memcpy 0x31CDC Confirmed
memcpy 0x8DAB1 Confirmed
memset 0x5D137 Confirmed
memset 0x83079 Confirmed
atoi 0x49261 Undecided
fprintf 0x1B152 Confirmed
memcpy 0x33AAE Confirmed
memcpy 0x8E3AB Confirmed
memset 0x5DEE2 Confirmed
memset 0x83308 Confirmed
atoi 0x5044F Undecided
fprintf 0x1B185 Confirmed
memcpy 0x33F1F Confirmed
memcpy 0x8E3D8 Confirmed
memset 0x5FB89 Confirmed
memset 0x8335C Confirmed
atoi 0xDA2E Undecided
fprintf 0x1B1B5 Confirmed
memcpy 0x34231 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8E3F4 Confirmed
memset 0x62CD1 Confirmed
memset 0x83C25 Confirmed
bind 0x53B96 Undecided
fprintf 0x1B1E5 Confirmed
memcpy 0x34936 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8E410 Confirmed
memset 0x638EA Confirmed
memset 0x84575 Confirmed
close 0x47B44 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B227 Confirmed
memcpy 0x36828 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8EED9 Confirmed
memset 0x63906 Confirmed
memset 0x84AAD Confirmed
close 0x47C64 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B2B4 Confirmed
memcpy 0x37C3F Confirmed
memcpy 0x8EEF6 Confirmed
memset 0x66976 Confirmed
memset 0x87BE5 Confirmed
close 0x53E90 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B2E7 Confirmed
memcpy 0x3D895 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8EF12 Confirmed
memset 0x69632 Confirmed
memset 0x8863D Confirmed
close 0x53FAE Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B317 Confirmed
memcpy 0x3DD33 Confirmed
memcpy 0x93563 Confirmed
memset 0x6AC70 Confirmed
memset 0x88711 Confirmed
close 0x5405D Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B347 Confirmed
memcpy 0x3EBA3 Confirmed
memcpy 0x935C7 Confirmed
memset 0x6BC3A Confirmed
memset 0x887FC Confirmed
close 0x550E5 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B377 Confirmed
memcpy 0x3EBC5 Confirmed
memcpy 0x93E22 Confirmed
memset 0x6CA07 Confirmed
memset 0x88F34 Confirmed
close 0x551D5 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B3A7 Confirmed
memcpy 0x44F02 Confirmed
memcpy 0x93F0B Confirmed
memset 0x6E5EC Confirmed
memset 0x893D0 Confirmed
close 0x5523F Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B3D7 Confirmed
memcpy 0x4714D Confirmed
memcpy 0x9431F Confirmed
memset 0x6EC8F Confirmed
memset 0x898CE Confirmed
close 0x6EBAC Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B45B Confirmed
memcpy 0x4732C Confirmed
memcpy 0x9F7D Confirmed
memset 0x6F2BE Confirmed
memset 0x8B889 Confirmed
close 0x6EC1C Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B525 Confirmed
memcpy 0x4744F Confirmed
memcpy 0xC2D5 Confirmed
memset 0x6F3A0 Confirmed
memset 0x8BB56 Confirmed
close 0x70D85 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B572 Confirmed
memcpy 0x4A4F3 Confirmed
memcpy 0xD57C Confirmed
memset 0x6F445 Confirmed
memset 0x8C137 Confirmed
close 0x710BD Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B60B Confirmed
memcpy 0x4A5B3 Confirmed
memmove 0x3D950 Confirmed
memset 0x6F4A6 Confirmed
memset 0x8C85F Confirmed
close 0x7139F Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B66E Confirmed
memcpy 0x504EC Confirmed
memset 0x14A39 Confirmed
memset 0x6F513 Confirmed
memset 0x8C939 Confirmed
close 0x74742 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B69E Confirmed
memcpy 0x50F81 Confirmed
memset 0x1672E Confirmed
memset 0x6F608 Confirmed
memset 0x8D7CB Confirmed
close 0x7475B Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B6C8 Confirmed
memcpy 0x50FB7 Confirmed
memset 0x16A6E Confirmed
memset 0x6F649 Confirmed
memset 0x8F2E5 Confirmed
close 0x74889 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B6F8 Confirmed
memcpy 0x5100A Confirmed
memset 0x1735D Confirmed
memset 0x6F6F7 Confirmed
memset 0x90062 Confirmed
close 0x7489A Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B72B Confirmed
memcpy 0x51F8E Confirmed
memset 0x1CBAE Confirmed
memset 0x6F7AF Confirmed
memset 0x90308 Confirmed
close 0x74955 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B758 Confirmed
memcpy 0x52AC2 Confirmed
memset 0x1CDFE Confirmed
memset 0x6FB36 Confirmed
memset 0x92ED6 Confirmed
close 0x74966 Confirmed
fputc 0x1AD4B Confirmed
memcpy 0x52AF8 Confirmed
memset 0x1D68F Confirmed
memset 0x6FC59 Confirmed
memset 0x93069 Confirmed
close 0x74A45 Confirmed
fputc 0x1B48E Confirmed
memcpy 0x52D38 Confirmed
memset 0x1D763 Confirmed
memset 0x6FE82 Confirmed
memset 0x9324A Confirmed
close 0x74A56 Confirmed
fputc 0x1B542 Confirmed
memcpy 0x52D5D Confirmed
memset 0x1D7F4 Confirmed
memset 0x704C9 Confirmed
memset 0x933E1 Confirmed
close 0x74E3B Confirmed
fputc 0x1B63E Confirmed
memcpy 0x52E9B Confirmed
memset 0x1D963 Confirmed
memset 0x714B9 Confirmed
memset 0x934A4 Confirmed
close 0x7FD7E Confirmed
fwrite 0x1B408 Confirmed
memcpy 0x55F41 Confirmed
memset 0x1EB1E Confirmed
memset 0x71500 Confirmed
memset 0x93593 Confirmed
close 0x7FED4 Confirmed
fwrite 0x1B4F2 Confirmed
memcpy 0x570FC Confirmed
memset 0x1EB66 Confirmed
memset 0x71530 Confirmed
memset 0x93744 Confirmed
close 0x88D6F Confirmed
fwrite 0x1B5B8 Confirmed
memcpy 0x5754B Confirmed
memset 0x1EE8E Confirmed
memset 0x71669 Confirmed
memset 0x9380C Confirmed
close 0x8F89E Confirmed
fwrite 0x1B81D Confirmed
memcpy 0x577B1 Confirmed
memset 0x1F1A7 Confirmed
memset 0x723B5 Confirmed
memset 0x93ECC Confirmed
close 0x92FA4 Confirmed
fwrite 0x1B84D Confirmed
memcpy 0x598F6 Confirmed
memset 0x1F274 Confirmed
memset 0x72540 Confirmed
memset 0x93FAA Confirmed
close 0x93BF4 Confirmed
fwrite 0x1B8D9 Confirmed
memcpy 0x5AB3E Confirmed
memset 0x1F2AA Confirmed
memset 0x72723 Confirmed
memset 0x9415D Confirmed
close 0x93DB7 Confirmed
fwrite 0x1B909 Confirmed
memcpy 0x5EFF7 Confirmed
memset 0x1F495 Confirmed
memset 0x72A2B Confirmed
memset 0x94209 Confirmed
close 0x941D3 Confirmed
memcmp 0x34A03 Undecided
memcpy 0x5F193 Confirmed
memset 0x1F4DD Confirmed
memset 0x72B86 Confirmed
memset 0x94409 Confirmed
close 0x94379 Confirmed
memcmp 0x36749 Undecided
memcpy 0x5F37B Confirmed
memset 0x20B73 Confirmed
memset 0x72C64 Confirmed
printf 0x15294 Confirmed
close 0x94496 Confirmed
memcmp 0x668D4 Undecided
memcpy 0x68DA6 Confirmed
memset 0x20DC9 Confirmed
memset 0x72ECD Confirmed
printf 0x153A2 Confirmed
connect 0x53BE5 Undecided
memcpy 0x11C4C Confirmed
memcpy 0x6A5D7 Confirmed
memset 0x20FB9 Confirmed
memset 0x72F9D Confirmed
printf 0x153F0 Confirmed
fclose 0x16C51 Confirmed
memcpy 0x11FB2 Confirmed
memcpy 0x6B71B Confirmed
memset 0x22632 Confirmed
memset 0x730E8 Confirmed
printf 0x15412 Confirmed
fclose 0x16CE4 Confirmed
memcpy 0x14A61 Confirmed
memcpy 0x6E1A4 Confirmed
memset 0x227A1 Confirmed
memset 0x7311A Confirmed
printf 0x154F1 Confirmed
fclose 0x16F62 Confirmed
memcpy 0x14A81 Confirmed
memcpy 0x6E781 Confirmed
memset 0x25E76 Confirmed
memset 0x731CA Confirmed
printf 0x15519 Confirmed
fclose 0x16F9D Confirmed
memcpy 0x14AC6 Confirmed
memcpy 0x6F40B Confirmed
memset 0x260A8 Confirmed
memset 0x7338D Confirmed
printf 0x1553A Confirmed
fclose 0x16FCD Confirmed
memcpy 0x14AEB Confirmed
memcpy 0x6F660 Confirmed
memset 0x265C6 Confirmed
memset 0x734BD Confirmed
printf 0x15561 Confirmed
fclose 0x1700B Confirmed
memcpy 0x14B50 Confirmed
memcpy 0x6FD5A Confirmed
memset 0x26885 Confirmed
memset 0x73A0D Confirmed
printf 0x1558F Confirmed
fclose 0x1702A Confirmed
memcpy 0x16195 Confirmed
memcpy 0x6FE1B Confirmed
memset 0x26C9B Confirmed
memset 0x73B6E Confirmed
printf 0x155B9 Confirmed
fclose 0x1706D Confirmed
memcpy 0x16E41 Confirmed
memcpy 0x7007E Confirmed
memset 0x26E12 Confirmed
memset 0x73BA0 Confirmed
printf 0x155D9 Confirmed
fclose 0x1978F Confirmed
memcpy 0x16E72 Confirmed
memcpy 0x71261 Confirmed
memset 0x26EF1 Confirmed
memset 0x73EB1 Confirmed
printf 0x6E9F3 Confirmed
fclose 0x1B974 Confirmed
memcpy 0x191A3 Confirmed
memcpy 0x7154E Confirmed
memset 0x283D5 Confirmed
memset 0x740D9 Confirmed
printf 0x6EA47 Confirmed
fclose 0x42ACA Confirmed
memcpy 0x1CEB5 Confirmed
memcpy 0x7183D Confirmed
memset 0x290CB Confirmed
memset 0x741B2 Confirmed
printf 0x6EACB Confirmed
fclose 0x47F38 Confirmed
memcpy 0x1EADC Confirmed
memcpy 0x71CA8 Confirmed
memset 0x2965D Confirmed
memset 0x74216 Confirmed
printf 0x6EB1B Confirmed
fprintf 0x16C45 Confirmed
memcpy 0x1F25A Confirmed
memcpy 0x72290 Confirmed
memset 0x2BAFE Confirmed
memset 0x742C8 Confirmed
printf 0x7433A Confirmed
fprintf 0x1987A Confirmed
memcpy 0x1F620 Confirmed
memcpy 0x72440 Confirmed
memset 0x2C8EE Confirmed
memset 0x747D4 Confirmed
printf 0x74591 Confirmed
fprintf 0x198C9 Confirmed
memcpy 0x20DAD Confirmed
memcpy 0x72AA0 Confirmed
memset 0x2CBF7 Confirmed
memset 0x7483F Confirmed
printf 0x7466E Confirmed
fprintf 0x19924 Confirmed
memcpy 0x20F30 Confirmed
memcpy 0x72C8D Confirmed
memset 0x2E8A5 Confirmed
memset 0x74904 Confirmed
putchar 0x15354 Confirmed
fprintf 0x19999 Confirmed
memcpy 0x20F95 Confirmed
memcpy 0x7314A Confirmed
memset 0x2E9C9 Confirmed
memset 0x749C9 Confirmed
putchar 0x1541C Confirmed
fprintf 0x19A0E Confirmed
memcpy 0x211FE Confirmed
memcpy 0x73BCF Confirmed
memset 0x2ECAC Confirmed
memset 0x75284 Confirmed
putchar 0x15635 Confirmed
fprintf 0x19A83 Confirmed
memcpy 0x216AB Confirmed
memcpy 0x73D26 Confirmed
memset 0x2F2AF Confirmed
memset 0x7530A Confirmed
putchar 0x15658 Confirmed
fprintf 0x19AF8 Confirmed
memcpy 0x217C0 Confirmed
memcpy 0x73EDF Confirmed
memset 0x2F5F8 Confirmed
memset 0x75376 Confirmed
putchar 0x15671 Confirmed
fprintf 0x19B6F Confirmed
memcpy 0x218D2 Confirmed
memcpy 0x74360 Confirmed
memset 0x2F8BF Confirmed
memset 0x75B7E Confirmed
puts 0x16CB4 Confirmed
fprintf 0x19C6D Confirmed
memcpy 0x226BF Confirmed
memcpy 0x745C7 Confirmed
memset 0x2F8F4 Confirmed
memset 0x766F7 Confirmed
puts 0x6EA74 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1A385 Confirmed
memcpy 0x22C55 Confirmed
memcpy 0x745E3 Confirmed
memset 0x302F9 Confirmed
memset 0x76CF4 Confirmed
puts 0x6EA80 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1A3AF Confirmed
memcpy 0x2340A Confirmed
memcpy 0x7461A Confirmed
memset 0x30BFB Confirmed
memset 0x76E1D Confirmed
puts 0x6EA8C Confirmed
fprintf 0x1A3DC Confirmed
memcpy 0x234D5 Confirmed
memcpy 0x74A03 Confirmed
memset 0x31FE2 Confirmed
memset 0x7797F Confirmed
puts 0x6EA98 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1A409 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2449C Confirmed
memcpy 0x750A8 Confirmed
memset 0x32029 Confirmed
memset 0x77998 Confirmed
puts 0x74192 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1A470 Confirmed
memcpy 0x24511 Confirmed
memcpy 0x75B54 Confirmed
memset 0x366DC Confirmed
memset 0x77A4E Confirmed
puts 0x746A4 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1A49D Confirmed
memcpy 0x248C3 Confirmed
memcpy 0x76271 Confirmed
memset 0x38646 Confirmed
memset 0x77C17 Confirmed
realloc 0x11557 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A4CA Confirmed
memcpy 0x24C96 Confirmed
memcpy 0x76B8C Confirmed
memset 0x396D7 Confirmed
memset 0x77CF4 Confirmed
realloc 0x6E9C7 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A4F7 Confirmed
memcpy 0x24CDA Confirmed
memcpy 0x76BF0 Confirmed
memset 0x3B5E6 Confirmed
memset 0x77E14 Confirmed
sendmsg 0x544CD Undecided
fprintf 0x1A524 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2515A Confirmed
memcpy 0x77960 Confirmed
memset 0x3C599 Confirmed
memset 0x780EB Confirmed
setenv 0x16ED1 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A551 Confirmed
memcpy 0x253AB Confirmed
memcpy 0x77CB6 Confirmed
memset 0x3D41A Confirmed
memset 0x783CF Confirmed
sleep 0x168E6 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A57E Confirmed
memcpy 0x25749 Confirmed
memcpy 0x77CDB Confirmed
memset 0x3D8CA Confirmed
memset 0x785D2 Confirmed
snprintf 0x4DF7F Confirmed
fprintf 0x1A5B6 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2577C Confirmed
memcpy 0x77F15 Confirmed
memset 0x3E400 Confirmed
memset 0x78706 Confirmed
snprintf 0x4F523 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1AC91 Confirmed
memcpy 0x25B90 Confirmed
memcpy 0x77F40 Confirmed
memset 0x401A6 Confirmed
memset 0x788E2 Confirmed
snprintf 0x70D09 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1ACDF Confirmed
memcpy 0x26EBB Confirmed
memcpy 0x79890 Confirmed
memset 0x41890 Confirmed
memset 0x78CA1 Confirmed
snprintf 0x70EB0 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1AD23 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2711C Confirmed
memcpy 0x7DC68 Confirmed
memset 0x41944 Confirmed
memset 0x78F85 Confirmed
snprintf 0x88E6A Confirmed
fprintf 0x1AD8D Confirmed
memcpy 0x28C24 Confirmed
memcpy 0x7DCF7 Confirmed
memset 0x46DA8 Confirmed
memset 0x7967D Confirmed
snprintf 0x8CE08 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1ADBA Confirmed
memcpy 0x28C60 Confirmed
memcpy 0x81065 Confirmed
memset 0x4730F Confirmed
memset 0x79B1F Confirmed
snprintf 0x938CF Confirmed
fprintf 0x1ADE5 Confirmed
memcpy 0x28C7F Confirmed
memcpy 0x813E1 Confirmed
memset 0x47432 Confirmed
memset 0x79B99 Confirmed
snprintf 0xE9B6 Confirmed
fprintf 0x1AE10 Confirmed
memcpy 0x28CBA Confirmed
memcpy 0x830AC Confirmed
memset 0x4F80A Confirmed
memset 0x79D99 Confirmed
strchr 0xDA41 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AE3A Confirmed
memcpy 0x2B072 Confirmed
memcpy 0x83162 Confirmed
memset 0x51FEB Confirmed
memset 0x7A817 Confirmed
strlen 0x10678 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AE65 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2B0EF Confirmed
memcpy 0x84B88 Confirmed
memset 0x53B30 Confirmed
memset 0x7AB8E Confirmed
strlen 0x427B4 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AE92 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2B175 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8940E Confirmed
memset 0x54427 Confirmed
memset 0x7AD01 Confirmed
strlen 0x59998 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AEBF Confirmed
memcpy 0x2B45D Confirmed
memcpy 0x895B3 Confirmed
memset 0x54BF1 Confirmed
memset 0x7ADDE Confirmed
strlen 0x599EE Undecided
fprintf 0x1AEEC Confirmed
memcpy 0x2BC90 Confirmed
memcpy 0x895CF Confirmed
memset 0x5561B Confirmed
memset 0x7AF8F Confirmed
strlen 0x5EC57 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AF19 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2BCD5 Confirmed
memcpy 0x895EB Confirmed
memset 0x55C6D Confirmed
memset 0x7B06D Confirmed
unlink 0x16C77 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AF46 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2DEC6 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8965D Confirmed
memset 0x55F19 Confirmed
memset 0x7B132 Confirmed
unlink 0x53C0F Undecided
fprintf 0x1AF79 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2DF04 Confirmed
memcpy 0x89D0F Confirmed
memset 0x56B21 Confirmed
memset 0x7B37B Confirmed
unlink 0x53EB1 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AFA9 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2DFA4 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8B459 Confirmed
memset 0x571D0 Confirmed
memset 0x7B509 Confirmed
unlink 0x5408E Undecided
fprintf 0x1AFD9 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2E233 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8BA4C Confirmed
memset 0x57CED Confirmed
memset 0x7B7C6 Confirmed
unlink 0x55262 Undecided
fprintf 0x1B009 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2E870 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8CC94 Confirmed
memset 0x58515 Confirmed
memset 0x7B8E2 Confirmed
unsetenv 0x16EEB Undecided
fprintf 0x1B039 Confirmed
memcpy 0x2E989 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8D5AC Confirmed
memset 0x5AE9B Confirmed
memset 0x7BC8E Confirmed
fprintf 0x1B08B Confirmed
memcpy 0x2F8A2 Confirmed
memcpy 0x8D737 Confirmed
memset 0x5C403 Confirmed
memset 0x7DF55 Confirmed

 hardcoded-socket-address:
 Time: 01:28:51
 Stat: 1/0/0/0

 memcheck-out-of-bound:
 Time: 01:28:51
 Stat: 6/0/0/0

 memcheck-use-after-release:
 Time: 01:28:51
 Stat: 18/0/0/0

 value-was-used-before-check:
 Time: 01:28:51
 Stat: 157/0/0/0
