Size: 3.1M

Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:29

__errno_location Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
mktime Confirmed
strftime Confirmed
abort Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
perror Confirmed
system Confirmed
ctime Confirmed
fputs Confirmed
printf Confirmed
time Confirmed
exit Confirmed
fread Confirmed
putchar Confirmed
vfprintf Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
freopen Confirmed
puts Confirmed
ferror Confirmed
fscanf Confirmed
rename Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
rewind Confirmed
fgetc Confirmed
getenv Confirmed
setvbuf Confirmed
fgets Confirmed
gmtime Confirmed
sprintf Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
localtime Confirmed
sscanf Confirmed


Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:31

addArgListEntry Undecided
maintain_activefds Undecided
sub_1a9e5 Undecided
adj_systime Undecided
modem_control Undecided
sub_1ae49 Undecided
ao_malloc.part.30 Undecided
mprintf_event Undecided
sub_1eea9 Undecided
ao_strdup.part.29 Undecided
optionUsage Undecided
sub_22fd9 Undecided
change_logfile Undecided
peer_config Undecided
sub_2aae6 Undecided
check_gen_fifo_consistency Undecided
print_one_paragraph.part.49 Undecided
sub_2b1bd Undecided
copy_addrinfo_list_impl Undecided
print_ver.part.56 Undecided
sub_2bdb0 Undecided
ctl_putuint Undecided
prt_extd_usage Undecided
sub_2bde1 Undecided
ctl_putunqstr Undecided
prt_opt_usage Undecided
sub_2be29 Undecided
destroy_address_node Undecided
set_timer_or_die Undecided
sub_394c9 Undecided
dump_config_tree Undecided
step_systime Undecided
sub_436e8 Undecided
env_presets Undecided
sub_11deb Undecided
sub_577b4 Undecided
ereallocz Undecided
sub_11f00 Undecided
sub_5a708 Undecided
free_res Undecided
sub_120a1 Undecided
sub_5d3d4 Undecided
freesymkey Undecided
sub_120df Undecided
sub_62073 Undecided
genshelloptUsage Undecided
sub_1214c Undecided
sub_622e8 Undecided
get_systime Undecided
sub_12313 Undecided
sub_6c094 Undecided
hack_restrict Undecided
sub_12b28 Undecided
sub_6d1f9 Undecided
initialize_action Undecided
sub_12b46 Undecided
teljjy_control Undecided
isc__strerror Undecided
sub_12c37 Undecided
unload_arg_list Undecided
isc_error_runtimecheck Undecided
sub_12e0a Undecided
update_interfaces Undecided
isc_log_doit Undecided
sub_12e2f Undecided
isc_log_write Undecided
sub_12eed Undecided
isc_msgcat_get Undecided
sub_1333a Undecided
isc_sha1_update Undecided
sub_133a2 Undecided
json_token_skip.part.2 Undecided
sub_1350f Undecided
list_restrict4 Undecided
sub_136c5 Undecided
list_restrict6 Undecided
sub_197d8 Undecided

Complex:
 Time: 00:00:45

acts_receive Undecided
sub_1246f Undecided
sub_622e8 Undecided
arc_receive Undecided
sub_1376d Undecided
sub_6c098 Undecided
clock_select Undecided
sub_15056 Undecided
sub_6d1f9 Undecided
free_all_config_trees Undecided
sub_199e8 Undecided
sub_71589 Undecided
getCmdOpts Undecided
sub_1ae49 Undecided
sub_72ad3 Undecided
gpsd_receive Undecided
sub_1da6d Undecided
sub_73522 Undecided
hack_restrict Undecided
sub_2499e Undecided
sub_f7a6 Undecided
jsmn_parse Undecided
sub_3e072 Undecided
timer Undecided
opt_find_long Undecided
optionSetMembers Undecided
sub_436e8 Undecided
update_interfaces Undecided
read_network_packet Undecided
sub_49b86 Undecided
yylex Undecided

Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:45

findexistingpeer Undecided
start_blo Undecided
getCmdOpts Undecided
sub_11deb Undecided
local_clock Undecided
sub_1da6d Undecided
normal_dtoa Undecided
sub_55f6f Undecided
optionRestore Undecided
sub_69208 Undecided
option_exits Undecided
sub_6d1f9 Undecided
cking_thread_internal Undecided

Null:
 Time: 01:35:31

decodenetnum 0x5AF95 Undecided
optionReset 0x667C8 Undecided


Unused:
Time: 01:14:59
atexit 0x14837 Undecided
fprintf 0x66CA2 Undecided
fputs 0x6C969 Undecided
printf 0x40393 Undecided
printf 0x68B11 Undecided
snprintf 0x3AD3D Undecided
atexit 0x28431 Undecided
fprintf 0x66D2A Undecided
fputs 0x6E44D Undecided
printf 0x40470 Undecided
printf 0x68BD0 Undecided
snprintf 0x3D612 Undecided
atexit 0x6941E Undecided
fprintf 0x66D75 Undecided
fputs 0x6E7DA Undecided
printf 0x404DE Undecided
printf 0x68BFE Undecided
snprintf 0x3DC9A Undecided
close 0x16E51 Undecided
fprintf 0x66E04 Undecided
fputs 0x6ECDF Undecided
printf 0x40590 Undecided
printf 0x68CAB Undecided
snprintf 0x3DF32 Undecided
close 0x17388 Undecided
fprintf 0x66EBF Undecided
fputs 0x6EDB4 Undecided
printf 0x4064A Undecided
printf 0x68DEE Undecided
snprintf 0x3ECA2 Undecided
close 0x176C2 Undecided
fprintf 0x66EFF Undecided
fputs 0x6F268 Undecided
printf 0x406FC Undecided
printf 0x68E6C Undecided
snprintf 0x40A8E Undecided
close 0x17783 Undecided
fprintf 0x66F44 Undecided
fputs 0x6F341 Undecided
printf 0x4078E Undecided
printf 0x68F8B Undecided
snprintf 0x40C00 Undecided
close 0x2E14D Undecided
fprintf 0x66F64 Undecided
fputs 0x6F46E Undecided
printf 0x40995 Undecided
printf 0x68FA8 Undecided
snprintf 0x4113F Undecided
close 0x32055 Undecided
fprintf 0x67167 Undecided
fputs 0x6FB17 Undecided
printf 0x40A16 Undecided
printf 0x6AE5C Undecided
snprintf 0x41229 Undecided
close 0x32069 Undecided
fprintf 0x671C3 Undecided
fputs 0x6FF0E Undecided
printf 0x40B40 Undecided
printf 0x6E429 Undecided
snprintf 0x4134C Undecided
close 0x39760 Undecided
fprintf 0x67BE6 Undecided
fputs 0x7364E Undecided
printf 0x40E1A Undecided
printf 0x6F4DB Undecided
snprintf 0x41406 Undecided
close 0x3979D Undecided
fprintf 0x67C0F Undecided
fputs 0x73677 Undecided
printf 0x40EBC Undecided
printf 0x6F4ED Undecided
snprintf 0x41584 Undecided
close 0x39BA3 Undecided
fprintf 0x67DCB Undecided
fputs 0x737FC Undecided
printf 0x40FF2 Undecided
printf 0x6F5FC Undecided
snprintf 0x415F9 Undecided
close 0x3A0BB Undecided
fprintf 0x67FE4 Undecided
fputs 0x739BA Undecided
printf 0x4146A Undecided
printf 0x6F738 Undecided
snprintf 0x4169D Undecided
close 0x3A6A0 Undecided
fprintf 0x6807A Undecided
fputs 0x739D2 Undecided
printf 0x41709 Undecided
printf 0x6F755 Undecided
snprintf 0x417A4 Undecided
close 0x3AECF Undecided
fprintf 0x680D9 Undecided
fputs 0x739ED Undecided
printf 0x41AB5 Undecided
printf 0x6F7C2 Undecided
snprintf 0x4184D Undecided
close 0x3B170 Undecided
fprintf 0x682DB Undecided
fputs 0x73A08 Undecided
printf 0x41B12 Undecided
printf 0x6FACC Undecided
snprintf 0x41A52 Undecided
close 0x3B180 Undecided
fprintf 0x683F8 Undecided
fputs 0x73AAA Undecided
printf 0x41B65 Undecided
printf 0x6FB35 Undecided
snprintf 0x42922 Undecided
close 0x3D6A3 Undecided
fprintf 0x6843B Undecided
fputs 0xFC5B Undecided
printf 0x41BC5 Undecided
printf 0x6FBAC Undecided
snprintf 0x42F76 Undecided
close 0x3D9D3 Undecided
fprintf 0x68760 Undecided
fwrite 0x10178 Undecided
printf 0x41C25 Undecided
printf 0x6FC5E Undecided
snprintf 0x42FE4 Undecided
close 0x3DD7A Undecided
fprintf 0x691F0 Undecided
fwrite 0x101D6 Undecided
printf 0x41C85 Undecided
printf 0x702D7 Undecided
snprintf 0x4316A Undecided
close 0x3E04B Undecided
fprintf 0x695CF Undecided
fwrite 0x105C2 Undecided
printf 0x41CE5 Undecided
printf 0x7037C Undecided
snprintf 0x4335C Undecided
close 0x3E9FA Undecided
fprintf 0x69744 Undecided
fwrite 0x10690 Undecided
printf 0x41D45 Undecided
printf 0x703D8 Undecided
snprintf 0x437F7 Undecided
close 0x43453 Undecided
fprintf 0x6982E Undecided
fwrite 0x106CB Undecided
printf 0x41DA5 Undecided
printf 0x7040B Undecided
snprintf 0x43AAA Undecided
close 0x462A6 Undecided
fprintf 0x69854 Undecided
fwrite 0x107EF Undecided
printf 0x41E8C Undecided
printf 0x70434 Undecided
snprintf 0x43BD2 Undecided
close 0x4766E Undecided
fprintf 0x69887 Undecided
fwrite 0x10939 Undecided
printf 0x420F1 Undecided
printf 0x7048A Undecided
snprintf 0x43CAA Undecided
close 0x477CE Undecided
fprintf 0x698A1 Undecided
fwrite 0x1A8C9 Undecided
printf 0x4215D Undecided
printf 0x704E3 Undecided
snprintf 0x43D73 Undecided
close 0x47937 Undecided
fprintf 0x69A6E Undecided
fwrite 0x1B44A Undecided
printf 0x421BD Undecided
printf 0x7057F Undecided
snprintf 0x44263 Undecided
close 0x48483 Undecided
fprintf 0x69C0D Undecided
fwrite 0x1B618 Undecided
printf 0x4224C Undecided
printf 0x705BD Undecided
snprintf 0x44725 Undecided
close 0x498E2 Undecided
fprintf 0x69C2F Undecided
fwrite 0x1B708 Undecided
printf 0x42296 Undecided
printf 0x70672 Undecided
snprintf 0x4474B Undecided
close 0x4994A Undecided
fprintf 0x69CC2 Undecided
fwrite 0x46040 Undecided
printf 0x422ED Undecided
printf 0x706C8 Undecided
snprintf 0x44A1D Undecided
close 0x499A2 Undecided
fprintf 0x69D89 Undecided
fwrite 0x66AC4 Undecided
printf 0x4234D Undecided
printf 0x70730 Undecided
snprintf 0x44AC5 Undecided
close 0x4B5A3 Undecided
fprintf 0x69F34 Undecided
fwrite 0x66B74 Undecided
printf 0x423AD Undecided
printf 0x7074F Undecided
snprintf 0x44B5E Undecided
close 0x4CAFB Undecided
fprintf 0x6A5B8 Undecided
fwrite 0x66BCD Undecided
printf 0x4240D Undecided
printf 0x70777 Undecided
snprintf 0x44CF1 Undecided
close 0x4D163 Undecided
fprintf 0x6AD1D Undecided
fwrite 0x66BE2 Undecided
printf 0x4246D Undecided
printf 0x70794 Undecided
snprintf 0x44F14 Undecided
close 0x4D6B0 Undecided
fprintf 0x6B62F Undecided
fwrite 0x66DE5 Undecided
printf 0x424FC Undecided
putchar 0x159E4 Undecided
snprintf 0x44FFC Undecided
close 0x4E018 Undecided
fprintf 0x6B6C7 Undecided
fwrite 0x67E28 Undecided
printf 0x42546 Undecided
putchar 0x4362B Undecided
snprintf 0x45391 Undecided
close 0x4E0A2 Undecided
fprintf 0x6B6F7 Undecided
fwrite 0x67E89 Undecided
printf 0x4259D Undecided
putchar 0x43644 Undecided
snprintf 0x453AA Undecided
close 0x51873 Undecided
fprintf 0x6B86A Undecided
fwrite 0x67EC8 Undecided
printf 0x425FD Undecided
puts 0x2EAA3 Undecided
snprintf 0x46191 Undecided
close 0x51E5B Undecided
fprintf 0x6B900 Undecided
fwrite 0x681F8 Undecided
printf 0x4265D Undecided
puts 0x3E2E7 Undecided
snprintf 0x465B4 Undecided
close 0x52311 Undecided
fprintf 0x6B9B8 Undecided
fwrite 0x68267 Undecided
printf 0x426BD Undecided
puts 0x3FE3B Undecided
snprintf 0x465E0 Undecided
close 0x52DFC Undecided
fprintf 0x6BBAC Undecided
fwrite 0x68C54 Undecided
printf 0x4271D Undecided
puts 0x404F4 Undecided
snprintf 0x4660E Undecided
close 0x53C23 Undecided
fprintf 0x6BCE9 Undecided
fwrite 0x68F03 Undecided
printf 0x427CE Undecided
puts 0x40A35 Undecided
snprintf 0x4663C Undecided
close 0x53C88 Undecided
fprintf 0x6BDA6 Undecided
fwrite 0x68FC5 Undecided
printf 0x42CBA Undecided
puts 0x41023 Undecided
snprintf 0x46757 Undecided
close 0x54303 Undecided
fprintf 0x6BE1F Undecided
fwrite 0x69318 Undecided
printf 0x42CE9 Undecided
puts 0x41B28 Undecided
snprintf 0x46783 Undecided
close 0x544CD Undecided
fprintf 0x6BEC7 Undecided
fwrite 0x6A5F0 Undecided
printf 0x42D11 Undecided
puts 0x41E27 Undecided
snprintf 0x467B2 Undecided
close 0x54562 Undecided
fprintf 0x6BFD6 Undecided
fwrite 0x6AF70 Undecided
printf 0x43254 Undecided
puts 0x4281D Undecided
snprintf 0x467DE Undecided
close 0x557DB Undecided
fprintf 0x6EF71 Undecided
fwrite 0x6AFCC Undecided
printf 0x435CC Undecided
puts 0x4284F Undecided
snprintf 0x4B2E9 Undecided
close 0x55C53 Undecided
fprintf 0x6F2F0 Undecided
fwrite 0x6E81F Undecided
printf 0x435FD Undecided
puts 0x49C87 Undecided
snprintf 0x4B384 Undecided
close 0x568A3 Undecided
fprintf 0x6FE83 Undecided
fwrite 0x6F701 Undecided
printf 0x4386F Undecided
puts 0x49CBF Undecided
snprintf 0x4C293 Undecided
close 0x56C51 Undecided
fprintf 0x6FEB9 Undecided
fwrite 0x6F71E Undecided
printf 0x43A34 Undecided
puts 0x49DA5 Undecided
snprintf 0x4D913 Undecided
close 0x56CFC Undecided
fprintf 0x6FEF0 Undecided
fwrite 0x6F7E8 Undecided
printf 0x43FB2 Undecided
puts 0x49E27 Undecided
snprintf 0x4DD82 Undecided
close 0x596F0 Undecided
fprintf 0x6FF43 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FA78 Undecided
printf 0x44009 Undecided
puts 0x49FF7 Undecided
snprintf 0x4DDB7 Undecided
close 0x5B60D Undecided
fprintf 0x70004 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FA95 Undecided
printf 0x441C8 Undecided
puts 0x4A347 Undecided
snprintf 0x4E29E Undecided
close 0x5E725 Undecided
fprintf 0x70297 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FAB2 Undecided
printf 0x44296 Undecided
puts 0x4A3AC Undecided
snprintf 0x4E671 Undecided
close 0x5E755 Undecided
fprintf 0x708CC Undecided
fwrite 0x6FAE9 Undecided
printf 0x4431F Undecided
puts 0x4A404 Undecided
snprintf 0x4E6EA Undecided
close 0x5F5DA Undecided
fprintf 0x70925 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FB06 Undecided
printf 0x443A1 Undecided
puts 0x4A42C Undecided
snprintf 0x4E847 Undecided
close 0x60A8D Undecided
fprintf 0x70971 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FB58 Undecided
printf 0x443EB Undecided
puts 0x4A442 Undecided
snprintf 0x510D6 Undecided
close 0x60A95 Undecided
fprintf 0x70C62 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FB75 Undecided
printf 0x44435 Undecided
puts 0x4A458 Undecided
snprintf 0x5120C Undecided
close 0x63BEE Undecided
fprintf 0x70D59 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FB92 Undecided
printf 0x44485 Undecided
puts 0x4A46E Undecided
snprintf 0x52C79 Undecided
close 0x63E19 Undecided
fprintf 0x710B7 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FBC9 Undecided
printf 0x444D6 Undecided
puts 0x4A484 Undecided
snprintf 0x52D65 Undecided
close 0x63E6A Undecided
fprintf 0x710E3 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FBE6 Undecided
printf 0x4453A Undecided
puts 0x4A605 Undecided
snprintf 0x52DA6 Undecided
close 0x6AE26 Undecided
fprintf 0x72438 Undecided
fwrite 0x6FC03 Undecided
printf 0x445D3 Undecided
puts 0x4A61A Undecided
snprintf 0x55BA5 Undecided
close 0x6AF00 Undecided
fprintf 0x72E5C Undecided
fwrite 0x70505 Undecided
printf 0x44625 Undecided
puts 0x4A62F Undecided
snprintf 0x56141 Undecided
close 0x713C4 Undecided
fprintf 0x72EC2 Undecided
fwrite 0x70558 Undecided
printf 0x458F5 Undecided
puts 0x4A644 Undecided
snprintf 0x56199 Undecided
close 0x71441 Undecided
fprintf 0x72EEC Undecided
fwrite 0x70CFF Undecided
printf 0x498DB Undecided
puts 0x4A659 Undecided
snprintf 0x562B3 Undecided
close 0x71561 Undecided
fprintf 0x72F10 Undecided
fwrite 0x70D31 Undecided
printf 0x49911 Undecided
puts 0x4A79E Undecided
snprintf 0x562FC Undecided
dup2 0x692C9 Undecided
fprintf 0x72F66 Undecided
fwrite 0xF8CD Undecided
printf 0x49943 Undecided
puts 0x4A7AF Undecided
snprintf 0x56751 Undecided
dup2 0x6AEE9 Undecided
fprintf 0x72F9F Undecided
fwrite 0xF955 Undecided
printf 0x4999B Undecided
puts 0x4A853 Undecided
snprintf 0x567F2 Undecided
dup2 0x6AEF7 Undecided
fprintf 0x735A0 Undecided
fwrite 0xFAB9 Undecided
printf 0x49D5D Undecided
puts 0x4A868 Undecided
snprintf 0x56FB1 Undecided
fclose 0x1CB02 Undecided
fprintf 0x738DD Undecided
fwrite 0xFB8B Undecided
printf 0x49DBD Undecided
puts 0x4A891 Undecided
snprintf 0x590CE Undecided
fclose 0x23E63 Undecided
fprintf 0x7397C Undecided
fwrite 0xFD82 Undecided
printf 0x49DE1 Undecided
puts 0x4A8A6 Undecided
snprintf 0x590EE Undecided
fclose 0x25B52 Undecided
fprintf 0x73A5C Undecided
getpid 0x261C1 Undecided
printf 0x49DFA Undecided
puts 0x4A8BB Undecided
snprintf 0x5964E Undecided
fclose 0x25DC8 Undecided
fprintf 0x73C8D Undecided
memcmp 0x1A55F Undecided
printf 0x49E10 Undecided
puts 0x4A8D0 Undecided
snprintf 0x5B475 Undecided
fclose 0x2630C Undecided
fprintf 0xE99A Undecided
memcpy 0x1CAB5 Undecided
printf 0x49EE5 Undecided
puts 0x4A8E1 Undecided
snprintf 0x5B96A Undecided
fclose 0x27B1E Undecided
fprintf 0xF854 Undecided
memcpy 0x24110 Undecided
printf 0x49EF6 Undecided
puts 0x4A8F6 Undecided
snprintf 0x5C0BA Undecided
fclose 0x3880E Undecided
fprintf 0xF88B Undecided
memcpy 0x39294 Undecided
printf 0x49F4A Undecided
puts 0x4A90B Undecided
snprintf 0x5EBE0 Undecided
fclose 0x39216 Undecided
fprintf 0xF8EA Undecided
memcpy 0x3E279 Undecided
printf 0x49F69 Undecided
puts 0x4A920 Undecided
snprintf 0x5EE15 Undecided
fclose 0x3931E Undecided
fprintf 0xF91F Undecided
memcpy 0x4AF0C Undecided
printf 0x49FB7 Undecided
puts 0x4A935 Undecided
snprintf 0x5F4FC Undecided
fclose 0x39483 Undecided
fprintf 0xF975 Undecided
memcpy 0x51EE3 Undecided
printf 0x4A13F Undecided
puts 0x4A94A Undecided
snprintf 0x5F76E Undecided
fclose 0x4C320 Undecided
fprintf 0xF9E9 Undecided
memcpy 0x55A1B Undecided
printf 0x4A150 Undecided
puts 0x4D940 Undecided
snprintf 0x5F912 Undecided
fclose 0x594A6 Undecided
fprintf 0xFA2E Undecided
memcpy 0x5A2C7 Undecided
printf 0x4A17F Undecided
puts 0x4E2C4 Undecided
snprintf 0x5FAF8 Undecided
fclose 0x5A905 Undecided
fprintf 0xFA5D Undecided
memcpy 0x5AE8B Undecided
printf 0x4A19B Undecided
puts 0x4E870 Undecided
snprintf 0x5FB98 Undecided
fclose 0x5C178 Undecided
fprintf 0xFADD Undecided
memcpy 0x5DD79 Undecided
printf 0x4A31A Undecided
puts 0x51272 Undecided
snprintf 0x5FF27 Undecided
fclose 0x61979 Undecided
fprintf 0xFB28 Undecided
memcpy 0x5E4B0 Undecided
printf 0x4A416 Undecided
puts 0x512F2 Undecided
snprintf 0x62413 Undecided
fclose 0x61CAE Undecided
fprintf 0xFB4A Undecided
memcpy 0x688E9 Undecided
printf 0x4A4BB Undecided
puts 0x54667 Undecided
snprintf 0x6469A Undecided
fclose 0x62719 Undecided
fprintf 0xFB9A Undecided
memcpy 0x6D1A9 Undecided
printf 0x4A4CC Undecided
puts 0x54927 Undecided
snprintf 0x64715 Undecided
fclose 0x6922D Undecided
fprintf 0xFBD7 Undecided
memcpy 0x6DC3C Undecided
printf 0x4A4DE Undecided
puts 0x5499D Undecided
snprintf 0x64AAD Undecided
fclose 0x692BA Undecided
fprintf 0xFC73 Undecided
memcpy 0x6F02E Undecided
printf 0x4A553 Undecided
puts 0x549E5 Undecided
snprintf 0x64AE4 Undecided
fclose 0x69324 Undecided
fprintf 0xFCF1 Undecided
memcpy 0x70A1A Undecided
printf 0x4A5DE Undecided
puts 0x54AB8 Undecided
snprintf 0x66248 Undecided
fclose 0x6AF53 Undecided
fprintf 0xFD33 Undecided
memcpy 0x70B7A Undecided
printf 0x4A780 Undecided
puts 0x54B0B Undecided
snprintf 0x662E8 Undecided
fclose 0x6F829 Undecided
fprintf 0xFDBC Undecided
memcpy 0x70C2F Undecided
printf 0x4AA28 Undecided
puts 0x54B2E Undecided
snprintf 0x69296 Undecided
fclose 0x6F9D9 Undecided
fputc 0x101FE Undecided
memcpy 0x721BB Undecided
printf 0x4AAD4 Undecided
puts 0x54CF0 Undecided
snprintf 0x693B7 Undecided
fclose 0x70DB0 Undecided
fputc 0x103D9 Undecided
memcpy 0x729EC Undecided
printf 0x4AB4C Undecided
puts 0x55490 Undecided
snprintf 0x697D1 Undecided
fopen 0x11E17 Undecided
fputc 0x105EA Undecided
memcpy 0x72AA0 Undecided
printf 0x4AEAE Undecided
puts 0x5650F Undecided
snprintf 0x6BABD Undecided
fprintf 0x101E8 Undecided
fputc 0x10628 Undecided
memmove 0x267EF Undecided
printf 0x4AFC7 Undecided
puts 0x56536 Undecided
snprintf 0x6BB90 Undecided
fprintf 0x1036B Undecided
fputc 0x106F3 Undecided
memset 0x59AEB Undecided
printf 0x4AFF8 Undecided
puts 0x5E22B Undecided
snprintf 0x6BEAA Undecided
fprintf 0x1038A Undecided
fputc 0x107AA Undecided
memset 0x59CCE Undecided
printf 0x4B281 Undecided
sleep 0x1D94D Undecided
snprintf 0x6F5E7 Undecided
fprintf 0x103C4 Undecided
fputc 0x1081D Undecided
memset 0x59F86 Undecided
printf 0x4B3B4 Undecided
sleep 0x474AD Undecided
snprintf 0x6F8E5 Undecided
fprintf 0x10432 Undecided
fputc 0x1B49B Undecided
memset 0x5A294 Undecided
printf 0x4B472 Undecided
sleep 0x474CD Undecided
snprintf 0xEB51 Undecided
fprintf 0x105D4 Undecided
fputc 0x1B55D Undecided
memset 0x5A41F Undecided
printf 0x4D2FE Undecided
sleep 0x474FD Undecided
snprintf 0xED8C Undecided
fprintf 0x1065E Undecided
fputc 0x1B5C1 Undecided
memset 0x5B2EB Undecided
printf 0x4E75F Undecided
sleep 0x4777D Undecided
sprintf 0x520D5 Undecided
fprintf 0x106DD Undecided
fputc 0x1C6C9 Undecided
open 0x3DDD4 Undecided
printf 0x51697 Undecided
snprintf 0x132E9 Undecided
sprintf 0x5256A Undecided
fprintf 0x10734 Undecided
fputc 0x1C79E Undecided
printf 0x159B0 Undecided
printf 0x520EA Undecided
snprintf 0x13F1A Undecided
sprintf 0x66DBB Undecided
fprintf 0x1076C Undecided
fputc 0x60F94 Undecided
printf 0x159D5 Undecided
printf 0x53C5B Undecided
snprintf 0x14785 Undecided
sprintf 0x69722 Undecided
fprintf 0x10794 Undecided
fputc 0x6101F Undecided
printf 0x15A4D Undecided
printf 0x544F1 Undecided
snprintf 0x14865 Undecided
sprintf 0x6F134 Undecided
fprintf 0x10807 Undecided
fputc 0x66B8B Undecided
printf 0x15A8A Undecided
printf 0x54657 Undecided
snprintf 0x1CF07 Undecided
sprintf 0x7021E Undecided
fprintf 0x1094F Undecided
fputc 0x66E4C Undecided
printf 0x15AB4 Undecided
printf 0x54736 Undecided
snprintf 0x1F592 Undecided
sprintf 0x717E4 Undecided
fprintf 0x10965 Undecided
fputc 0x66E6B Undecided
printf 0x15AC5 Undecided
printf 0x548D6 Undecided
snprintf 0x1F85B Undecided
sprintf 0x735E4 Undecided
fprintf 0x1097B Undecided
fputc 0x66E90 Undecided
printf 0x15AD6 Undecided
printf 0x548F9 Undecided
snprintf 0x1F8FB Undecided
sprintf 0x73916 Undecided
fprintf 0x109E7 Undecided
fputc 0x67E50 Undecided
printf 0x15AEF Undecided
printf 0x54944 Undecided
snprintf 0x1F99B Undecided
sprintf 0x73A88 Undecided
fprintf 0x11E7B Undecided
fputc 0x67E9A Undecided
printf 0x15B14 Undecided
printf 0x54BD6 Undecided
snprintf 0x1FA74 Undecided
sscanf 0x2490F Undecided
fprintf 0x11EB0 Undecided
fputc 0x67EE8 Undecided
printf 0x15B39 Undecided
printf 0x54C56 Undecided
snprintf 0x1FC29 Undecided
sscanf 0x24937 Undecided
fprintf 0x12C0C Undecided
fputc 0x68141 Undecided
printf 0x15B52 Undecided
printf 0x54D80 Undecided
snprintf 0x1FC9B Undecided
sscanf 0x24A18 Undecided
fprintf 0x13C2E Undecided
fputc 0x6AC87 Undecided
printf 0x15B66 Undecided
printf 0x54E15 Undecided
snprintf 0x1FD5B Undecided
sscanf 0x24A40 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A8EB Undecided
fputc 0x6AD05 Undecided
printf 0x15B7A Undecided
printf 0x54E8F Undecided
snprintf 0x1FD83 Undecided
sscanf 0x24AC7 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A943 Undecided
fputc 0x6AEAC Undecided
printf 0x15C4E Undecided
printf 0x55108 Undecided
snprintf 0x1FE55 Undecided
strcpy 0x40133 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A996 Undecided
fputc 0x6AEC1 Undecided
printf 0x15C75 Undecided
printf 0x55303 Undecided
snprintf 0x1FF0F Undecided
strcpy 0x6F1E7 Undecided
fprintf 0x1B11D Undecided
fputc 0x6AFAC Undecided
printf 0x234A8 Undecided
printf 0x55522 Undecided
snprintf 0x1FFCC Undecided
strlen 0x2502E Undecided
fprintf 0x1B15B Undecided
fputc 0x6BF9C Undecided
printf 0x2595B Undecided
printf 0x558B4 Undecided
snprintf 0x216FB Undecided
strlen 0x250E7 Undecided
fprintf 0x1B47C Undecided
fputc 0x6F2A8 Undecided
printf 0x29618 Undecided
printf 0x55B14 Undecided
snprintf 0x22893 Undecided
strlen 0x3A288 Undecided
fprintf 0x1B4D3 Undecided
fputc 0x6F332 Undecided
printf 0x296BB Undecided
printf 0x55C8C Undecided
snprintf 0x23D4B Undecided
strlen 0x3ECAE Undecided
fprintf 0x1B532 Undecided
fputc 0x6FF58 Undecided
printf 0x31343 Undecided
printf 0x55D96 Undecided
snprintf 0x23DB6 Undecided
strlen 0x52EA2 Undecided
fprintf 0x1B592 Undecided
fputc 0x70524 Undecided
printf 0x317DC Undecided
printf 0x55EF1 Undecided
snprintf 0x23DFE Undecided
strlen 0x53E78 Undecided
fprintf 0x1C6AA Undecided
fputc 0x70618 Undecided
printf 0x31BC4 Undecided
printf 0x570D8 Undecided
snprintf 0x23ED9 Undecided
strlen 0x6DB4B Undecided
fprintf 0x1C777 Undecided
fputc 0x735F5 Undecided
printf 0x31F63 Undecided
printf 0x59121 Undecided
snprintf 0x23FD1 Undecided
strncpy 0x27D10 Undecided
fprintf 0x1E933 Undecided
fputc 0x73ACB Undecided
printf 0x389D0 Undecided
printf 0x59379 Undecided
snprintf 0x245C2 Undecided
strncpy 0x4419B Undecided
fprintf 0x38613 Undecided
fputc 0xF900 Undecided
printf 0x39BF4 Undecided
printf 0x593F4 Undecided
snprintf 0x24629 Undecided
strncpy 0x6181C Undecided
fprintf 0x38806 Undecided
fputc 0xF98B Undecided
printf 0x39CE4 Undecided
printf 0x59525 Undecided
snprintf 0x25740 Undecided
strncpy 0x73B55 Undecided
fprintf 0x38972 Undecided
fputc 0xFA73 Undecided
printf 0x39EE1 Undecided
printf 0x5962E Undecided
snprintf 0x25912 Undecided
strtod 0x1D71D Undecided
fprintf 0x38AD3 Undecided
fputc 0xFAF3 Undecided
printf 0x3A451 Undecided
printf 0x5967A Undecided
snprintf 0x25C29 Undecided
strtod 0x3CAD3 Undecided
fprintf 0x38F3B Undecided
fputc 0xFBED Undecided
printf 0x3D572 Undecided
printf 0x59718 Undecided
snprintf 0x25CBA Undecided
strtok 0x5323C Undecided
fprintf 0x3920E Undecided
fputc 0xFC89 Undecided
printf 0x3D9CC Undecided
printf 0x5973A Undecided
snprintf 0x25E4A Undecided
strtol 0x55AF2 Undecided
fprintf 0x45A89 Undecided
fputc 0xFD49 Undecided
printf 0x3DA02 Undecided
printf 0x59762 Undecided
snprintf 0x25EE8 Undecided
strtol 0x61EE0 Undecided
fprintf 0x46067 Undecided
fputc 0xFDD2 Undecided
printf 0x3E11E Undecided
printf 0x5977E Undecided
snprintf 0x26062 Undecided
strtol 0x6DE55 Undecided
fprintf 0x46096 Undecided
fputc 0xFE5C Undecided
printf 0x3E2CC Undecided
printf 0x5979A Undecided
snprintf 0x260E8 Undecided
strtoul 0x6E8AF Undecided
fprintf 0x4C2F5 Undecided
fputs 0x66B4E Undecided
printf 0x3E307 Undecided
printf 0x597F6 Undecided
snprintf 0x26161 Undecided
system 0x692D5 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BB20 Undecided
fputs 0x66C02 Undecided
printf 0x3E339 Undecided
printf 0x59888 Undecided
snprintf 0x261EB Undecided
unlink 0x52C81 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BB61 Undecided
fputs 0x66E7B Undecided
printf 0x3E380 Undecided
printf 0x598EE Undecided
snprintf 0x26A81 Undecided
unlink 0x69596 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BC1B Undecided
fputs 0x66F77 Undecided
printf 0x3E409 Undecided
printf 0x5995C Undecided
snprintf 0x27BDD Undecided
write 0x3A34C Undecided
fprintf 0x5BC44 Undecided
fputs 0x67F23 Undecided
printf 0x3E44A Undecided
printf 0x599D0 Undecided
snprintf 0x27BFD Undecided
write 0x3B0A5 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BC80 Undecided
fputs 0x69D35 Undecided
printf 0x3E497 Undecided
printf 0x59A20 Undecided
snprintf 0x27C1C Undecided
write 0x3D4E4 Undecided
fprintf 0x60C9D Undecided
fputs 0x6A5D3 Undecided
printf 0x3E666 Undecided
printf 0x59A48 Undecided
snprintf 0x28772 Undecided
write 0x49674 Undecided
fprintf 0x60CF5 Undecided
fputs 0x6A61B Undecided
printf 0x3E7E6 Undecided
printf 0x59A7B Undecided
snprintf 0x28989 Undecided
write 0x4A9FF Undecided
fprintf 0x60D35 Undecided
fputs 0x6AC68 Undecided
printf 0x3ED7F Undecided
printf 0x59AC0 Undecided
snprintf 0x28B4D Undecided
write 0x53C08 Undecided
fprintf 0x60D81 Undecided
fputs 0x6AC96 Undecided
printf 0x3FCB6 Undecided
printf 0x5A34A Undecided
snprintf 0x2CB90 Undecided
write 0x53F5F Undecided
fprintf 0x60DB6 Undecided
fputs 0x6B5C0 Undecided
printf 0x3FD6A Undecided
printf 0x5A36C Undecided
snprintf 0x2EF69 Undecided
write 0x540AF Undecided
fprintf 0x60F71 Undecided
fputs 0x6B5EF Undecided
printf 0x3FDCC Undecided
printf 0x6713E Undecided
snprintf 0x39105 Undecided
write 0x55A56 Undecided
fprintf 0x60FFC Undecided
fputs 0x6B660 Undecided
printf 0x3FE25 Undecided
printf 0x68A6D Undecided
snprintf 0x39134 Undecided
write 0x60899 Undecided
fprintf 0x61DC7 Undecided
fputs 0x6B68B Undecided
printf 0x3FEF2 Undecided
printf 0x68A83 Undecided
snprintf 0x3936A Undecided
fprintf 0x62679 Undecided
fputs 0x6B82F Undecided
printf 0x3FFFA Undecided
printf 0x68AA7 Undecided
snprintf 0x39A97 Undecided
fprintf 0x669C1 Undecided
fputs 0x6B97C Undecided
printf 0x400B2 Undecided
printf 0x68AE1 Undecided
snprintf 0x3A280 Undecided


hardcoded-socket-address:
 Time: 01:34:15
 Total: 3

 memcheck-out-of-bound:
 Time: 01:34:15
 Total: 1

 value-was-used-before-check:
 Time: 01:34:15
 Total: 92

 memcheck-use-after-release:
 Time: 01:34:15
 Total: 2
