Size: 2.2M

 Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:22

__errno_location Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
perror Confirmed
ctime Confirmed
exit Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
printf Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
fread Confirmed
rename Confirmed
feof Confirmed
fseek Confirmed
time Confirmed
ferror Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
vfprintf Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
getenv Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
localtime Confirmed

 Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:22

_rs_stir Undecided
sub_11b9d Undecided
sub_37ae8 Undecided
bounce_delivery Undecided
sub_12a23 Undecided
sub_3e6c0 Undecided
ca Undecided
sub_12a83 Undecided
sub_3e6c4 Undecided
ca_init Undecided
sub_19384 Undecided
sub_40210 Undecided
child_add Undecided
sub_1d4df Undecided
sub_40214 Undecided
expandtree_RB_INSERT_COLOR Undecided
sub_1e5f8 Undecided
sub_414ac Undecided
fatal Undecided
sub_1e5fc Undecided
sub_41efe Undecided
filter_extend_chain Undecided
sub_1eaa0 Undecided
sub_471c8 Undecided
fsqueue_envelope_path.constprop.4 Undecided
sub_1eaa4 Undecided
sub_47221 Undecided
fsqueue_message_incoming_path.constprop.7 Undecided
sub_1efe0 Undecided
sub_47ad0 Undecided
fsqueue_message_path.constprop.8 Undecided
sub_1efe4 Undecided
sub_47ad4 Undecided
io_dispatch Undecided
sub_1f6b0 Undecided
sub_47bcd Undecided
io_frame_leave Undecided
sub_1f6b4 Undecided
sub_48773 Undecided
m_add Undecided
sub_1fba0 Undecided
sub_487d3 Undecided
m_get_data Undecided
sub_1fba4 Undecided
sub_7ebf Undecided
m_get_evpid Undecided
sub_21020 Undecided
sub_94f1 Undecided
mta_connect Undecided
sub_21024 Undecided
sub_af10 Undecided
mta_drain Undecided
sub_22408 Undecided
sub_af14 Undecided
offline_enqueue Undecided
sub_22694 Undecided
sub_c247 Undecided
parse_sockaddr Undecided
sub_227d0 Undecided
sub_e5a0 Undecided
post_fork Undecided
sub_22c45 Undecided
sub_e5a4 Undecided
queue Undecided
sub_22da9 Undecided
queue_proc_end Undecided
sub_24818 Undecided
queue_shutdown Undecided
sub_28bdb Undecided
rsae_priv_dec Undecided
sub_2efef Undecided
scheduler_proc_end Undecided
sub_2f078 Undecided
set_local Undecided
sub_2fc28 Undecided
smtp_reply Undecided
sub_30968 Undecided
ssl_setup Undecided
sub_31cbf Undecided
stats_tree_RB_INSERT_COLOR Undecided
sub_31dd3 Undecided

 Complex:
 Time: 00:00:30

envelope_ascii_dump Undecided
sub_40eb2 Undecided
envelope_load_buffer Undecided
sub_410c2 Undecided
mta_connect Undecided
sub_49e34 Undecided
sub_18014 Undecided
yylex Undecided
sub_1a9b6 Undecided


 Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:28

queue_proc_call Undecided
sub_40eb2 Undecided
queue_proc_envelope_walk Undecided
sub_410c2 Undecided
scheduler_proc_call Undecided
table_proc_call Undecided


 Null:
 Time: 01:08:20

queue_bounce 0x2C61F Undecided
strlcat 0x4B9B9 Undecided
dict_iter 0xE65E Undecided



Unused:
Time: 00:46:10
alarm 0x3936B Undecided
execl 0x382F4 Undecided
fwrite 0x8211 Undecided
memset 0x3350F Undecided
snprintf 0x12BF0 Undecided
snprintf 0x3C764 Undecided
calloc 0x2B8F4 Undecided
execle 0x414C7 Undecided
getpid 0x49036 Undecided
memset 0x33710 Undecided
snprintf 0x12D42 Undecided
snprintf 0x3C79C Undecided
close 0x14498 Undecided
execle 0x4154E Undecided
getpid 0x4A623 Undecided
memset 0x339A6 Undecided
snprintf 0x134DB Undecided
snprintf 0x3D296 Undecided
close 0x144A1 Undecided
fclose 0x1337B Undecided
getsockname 0x32A6F Undecided
memset 0x33A5F Undecided
snprintf 0x134FC Undecided
snprintf 0x3F29F Undecided
close 0x15951 Undecided
fclose 0x1457F Undecided
listen 0x316F6 Undecided
memset 0x3C152 Undecided
snprintf 0x13945 Undecided
snprintf 0x4125B Undecided
close 0x15F2B Undecided
fclose 0x1A152 Undecided
listen 0xDD5C Undecided
memset 0x3C2C5 Undecided
snprintf 0x1501B Undecided
snprintf 0x41338 Undecided
close 0x15F63 Undecided
fclose 0x1A912 Undecided
lseek 0x1AC8D Undecided
memset 0x3C82B Undecided
snprintf 0x1542D Undecided
snprintf 0x42C5B Undecided
close 0x1BBD5 Undecided
fclose 0x1AD29 Undecided
lseek 0x2E7E2 Undecided
memset 0x3D8C4 Undecided
snprintf 0x1547C Undecided
snprintf 0x439EA Undecided
close 0x1BC66 Undecided
fclose 0x24ABC Undecided
lseek 0x2E87D Undecided
memset 0x3DA66 Undecided
snprintf 0x154C9 Undecided
snprintf 0x45A69 Undecided
close 0x1BCA1 Undecided
fclose 0x24DD9 Undecided
lseek 0x4489A Undecided
memset 0x3DC26 Undecided
snprintf 0x15594 Undecided
snprintf 0x45AB0 Undecided
close 0x1BE18 Undecided
fclose 0x25A27 Undecided
memcpy 0x18A1E Undecided
memset 0x3DC56 Undecided
snprintf 0x1A42D Undecided
snprintf 0x45B13 Undecided
close 0x1BF40 Undecided
fclose 0x278FE Undecided
memcpy 0x28E5F Undecided
memset 0x3DC6E Undecided
snprintf 0x1A58F Undecided
snprintf 0x49D45 Undecided
close 0x1BF80 Undecided
fclose 0x279A1 Undecided
memcpy 0x2F209 Undecided
memset 0x3DF06 Undecided
snprintf 0x1A650 Undecided
snprintf 0x49DF8 Undecided
close 0x1BF89 Undecided
fclose 0x2E51B Undecided
memcpy 0x39C15 Undecided
memset 0x3E013 Undecided
snprintf 0x1A690 Undecided
snprintf 0x7D97 Undecided
close 0x2E730 Undecided
fclose 0x2E5DD Undecided
memcpy 0x3EA93 Undecided
memset 0x40492 Undecided
snprintf 0x1A745 Undecided
snprintf 0x9AD8 Undecided
close 0x2E738 Undecided
fclose 0x2E5E5 Undecided
memcpy 0x3FDD6 Undecided
memset 0x40ADD Undecided
snprintf 0x1A819 Undecided
snprintf 0x9B43 Undecided
close 0x2E804 Undecided
fclose 0x2E626 Undecided
memcpy 0x445DF Undecided
memset 0x4194B Undecided
snprintf 0x1AE02 Undecided
snprintf 0x9BAA Undecided
close 0x2E8A9 Undecided
fclose 0x2E62E Undecided
memcpy 0x447A2 Undecided
memset 0x46212 Undecided
snprintf 0x1B07F Undecided
snprintf 0x9C09 Undecided
close 0x310D4 Undecided
fclose 0x2E752 Undecided
memcpy 0x491D1 Undecided
memset 0x48EEA Undecided
snprintf 0x1B11B Undecided
snprintf 0xA113 Undecided
close 0x310DD Undecided
fclose 0x2E7CE Undecided
memcpy 0x4A0BC Undecided
memset 0x48EF9 Undecided
snprintf 0x1B18B Undecided
snprintf 0xAC6D Undecided
close 0x38142 Undecided
fclose 0x2E7D6 Undecided
memcpy 0x4AB81 Undecided
memset 0x48F17 Undecided
snprintf 0x1B47B Undecided
snprintf 0xAE64 Undecided
close 0x38169 Undecided
fclose 0x2E869 Undecided
memcpy 0x4ADB9 Undecided
memset 0x49008 Undecided
snprintf 0x1B860 Undecided
snprintf 0xC04A Undecided
close 0x38232 Undecided
fclose 0x2E871 Undecided
memcpy 0x4C315 Undecided
memset 0x49095 Undecided
snprintf 0x1D9D6 Undecided
snprintf 0xF978 Undecided
close 0x382B8 Undecided
fclose 0x39AC8 Undecided
memcpy 0xB467 Undecided
memset 0x490E0 Undecided
snprintf 0x1DD86 Undecided
strcasecmp 0x18C65 Undecided
close 0x382C1 Undecided
fclose 0x39B23 Undecided
memcpy 0xE547 Undecided
memset 0x491DE Undecided
snprintf 0x1DF8D Undecided
strcasecmp 0x18CCD Undecided
close 0x39234 Undecided
fclose 0x3F3F0 Undecided
memmove 0x1492F Undecided
memset 0x495B8 Undecided
snprintf 0x1E121 Undecided
strchr 0x4112B Undecided
close 0x3923D Undecided
fclose 0x3F415 Undecided
memmove 0x14B12 Undecided
memset 0x4AFB0 Undecided
snprintf 0x1E6DE Undecided
strcmp 0xE38D Undecided
close 0x3942C Undecided
fclose 0x3FE11 Undecided
memmove 0x1AFCC Undecided
memset 0x4B0A4 Undecided
snprintf 0x1E70D Undecided
strcmp 0xE3FA Undecided
close 0x39435 Undecided
fclose 0x42676 Undecided
memmove 0x1C79B Undecided
memset 0x9153 Undecided
snprintf 0x1E75C Undecided
strlen 0x3BDFD Undecided
close 0x3943D Undecided
fclose 0x42921 Undecided
memmove 0x24F44 Undecided
memset 0xDCF9 Undecided
snprintf 0x2241A Undecided
strncasecmp 0x3DB6D Undecided
close 0x394D5 Undecided
fclose 0x42B5C Undecided
memmove 0x377AF Undecided
memset 0xE979 Undecided
snprintf 0x2268F Undecided
strncasecmp 0x3DBEE Undecided
close 0x3974A Undecided
fclose 0x4488F Undecided
memmove 0x41E75 Undecided
memset 0xF9FE Undecided
snprintf 0x22733 Undecided
strtoll 0x4BE32 Undecided
close 0x39785 Undecided
fclose 0x44AE0 Undecided
memmove 0x43D46 Undecided
open 0x2E8F7 Undecided
snprintf 0x2283F Undecided
strtoull 0x3D454 Undecided
close 0x419BD Undecided
fclose 0x4B538 Undecided
memmove 0x44E36 Undecided
open 0x40EE1 Undecided
snprintf 0x22AE7 Undecided
strtoull 0x3D4C4 Undecided
close 0x41A18 Undecided
fclose 0x4B570 Undecided
memmove 0x4ABD6 Undecided
printf 0x151C4 Undecided
snprintf 0x22BF0 Undecided
unlink 0x2E428 Undecided
close 0x41A47 Undecided
fclose 0x8EFC Undecided
memmove 0xCA56 Undecided
printf 0x1521C Undecided
snprintf 0x22DB2 Undecided
unlink 0x2E539 Undecided
close 0x42A01 Undecided
fclose 0x9A16 Undecided
memmove 0xCAD6 Undecided
printf 0x15263 Undecided
snprintf 0x23B9D Undecided
unlink 0x2E65A Undecided
close 0x448C5 Undecided
fclose 0xA55F Undecided
memmove 0xCB59 Undecided
printf 0x152A5 Undecided
snprintf 0x24936 Undecided
unlink 0x37A6C Undecided
close 0x44934 Undecided
fclose 0xA84A Undecided
memmove 0xE861 Undecided
printf 0x15777 Undecided
snprintf 0x2879D Undecided
unlink 0x37DFC Undecided
close 0x49313 Undecided
ferror 0x258E7 Undecided
memset 0x1065A Undecided
printf 0x1580D Undecided
snprintf 0x287CB Undecided
unlink 0x38FD7 Undecided
close 0x49366 Undecided
ferror 0xA4F4 Undecided
memset 0x127C8 Undecided
printf 0x15BF4 Undecided
snprintf 0x2C4AC Undecided
unlink 0x3F353 Undecided
close 0x4A5A3 Undecided
fork 0x87E3 Undecided
memset 0x127FE Undecided
printf 0x15D1C Undecided
snprintf 0x30FDF Undecided
unlink 0x412E3 Undecided
close 0x4A818 Undecided
fprintf 0x2BCF3 Undecided
memset 0x19615 Undecided
printf 0x15D40 Undecided
snprintf 0x320EB Undecided
unlink 0x429A3 Undecided
close 0x4AC7A Undecided
fprintf 0x37EC1 Undecided
memset 0x1BD34 Undecided
printf 0x1633F Undecided
snprintf 0x3889E Undecided
unlink 0x4B586 Undecided
close 0x4AF0E Undecided
fprintf 0x40F7F Undecided
memset 0x1D317 Undecided
printf 0x164EB Undecided
snprintf 0x39108 Undecided
unlink 0x4B5C8 Undecided
close 0x4B182 Undecided
fprintf 0x4A495 Undecided
memset 0x1D34E Undecided
printf 0x16523 Undecided
snprintf 0x391EF Undecided
unlink 0xDB37 Undecided
close 0x9D90 Undecided
fputc 0x19975 Undecided
memset 0x25273 Undecided
printf 0x16563 Undecided
snprintf 0x393E7 Undecided
close 0xA128 Undecided
ftruncate 0x40FFA Undecided
memset 0x283A8 Undecided
printf 0x165BC Undecided
snprintf 0x3999F Undecided
close 0xC6FD Undecided
fwrite 0x3FE5B Undecided
memset 0x2F1F4 Undecided
printf 0x1661C Undecided
snprintf 0x39B04 Undecided
close 0xCD92 Undecided
fwrite 0x3FEDD Undecided
memset 0x31DFE Undecided
realloc 0x1C773 Undecided
snprintf 0x3B57A Undecided
dup2 0x1BF98 Undecided
fwrite 0x4058E Undecided
memset 0x331B0 Undecided
rmdir 0x37E0D Undecided
snprintf 0x3C704 Undecided
dup2 0x382D1 Undecided
fwrite 0x419FE Undecided
memset 0x33456 Undecided
snprintf 0x12B75 Undecided
snprintf 0x3C733 Undecided

memcheck-double-release:
 Time: 04:26:32
 Total: 1

 memcheck-out-of-bound:
 Time: 04:26:32
 Total: 1

 memcheck-use-after-release:
 Time: 04:26:32
 Total:  14

 value-was-used-before-check:
 Time: 04:26:32
 Total: 82
