Size: 1.1M

Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:10

__errno_location Confirmed
fgets Confirmed
getenv Confirmed
rename Confirmed
abort Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
gmtime Confirmed
setbuf Confirmed
ctime Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
localtime Confirmed
sprintf Confirmed
exit Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
longjmp Confirmed
sscanf Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
fputs Confirmed
perror Confirmed
strftime Confirmed
ferror Confirmed
fread Confirmed
printf Confirmed
system Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
freopen Confirmed
putchar Confirmed
time Confirmed
fgetc Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
puts Confirmed
vfprintf Confirmed

Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:11

acts_receive Undecided
sub_1da6d Undecided
arc_receive Undecided
sub_2499e Undecided
clock_select Undecided
sub_3e072 Undecided
free_all_config_trees Undecided
sub_436e8 Undecided
getCmdOpts Undecided
sub_49b86 Undecided
gpsd_receive Undecided
sub_622e8 Undecided
hack_restrict Undecided
jsmn_parse Undecided
sub_6c098 Undecided
opt_find_ Undecided
sub_6d1f9 Undecided
long Undecided
sub_71589 Undecided
optionSetMembers Undecided
sub_72ad3 Undecided
read_network_packet Undecided
sub_73522 Undecided
sub_1246f Undecided
sub_f7a6 Undecided
sub_1376d Undecided
timer Undecided
sub_15056 Undecided
update_interfaces Undecided
sub_199e8 Undecided
yylex Undecided
sub_1ae49 Undecided

Complex:
 Time: 00:00:14

doquery Undecided
sub_1b799 Undecided
opt_find_long Undecided
sub_1cce3 Undecided
sub_162a8 Undecided
sub_1d732 Undecided
sub_17409 Undecided
sub_226b8 Undecided

Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:14

optionRestore Undecided
option_exits Undecided
quit Undecided
sub_13418 Undecided
sub_17409 Undecided

Null:
 Time: 00:25:22

optionReset 0x109D8 Undecided
option_pathfind.constprop.66 0x14424 Undecided
decodenetnum 0x1F5B5 Undecided

Unused:
Time: 00:14:30
atexit 0x1362E Undecided
fprintf 0x1FFB4 Undecided
fprintf 0xE1B4 Undecided
fputc 0x1107B Undecided
fwrite 0x199F8 Undecided
memcpy 0x1CBFC Undecided
close 0x15036 Undecided
fprintf 0x1FFF0 Undecided
fprintf 0xE267 Undecided
fputc 0x110A0 Undecided
fwrite 0x19C88 Undecided
memcpy 0x1CCB0 Undecided
close 0x15110 Undecided
fprintf 0x215ED Undecided
fprintf 0xE3C3 Undecided
fputc 0x12060 Undecided
fwrite 0x19CA5 Undecided
memcpy 0x1D364 Undecided
close 0x1B5D4 Undecided
fprintf 0x21645 Undecided
fprintf 0xE490 Undecided
fputc 0x120AA Undecided
fwrite 0x19CC2 Undecided
memcpy 0x1F1C7 Undecided
close 0x1B651 Undecided
fprintf 0x21685 Undecided
fprintf 0xE4AD Undecided
fputc 0x120F8 Undecided
fwrite 0x19CF9 Undecided
memcpy 0x1F4AB Undecided
close 0x1B771 Undecided
fprintf 0x216D1 Undecided
fprintf 0xE4CA Undecided
fputc 0x12351 Undecided
fwrite 0x19D68 Undecided
memset 0x1EB1B Undecided
close 0x21A2E Undecided
fprintf 0x21706 Undecided
fprintf 0xE4E7 Undecided
fputc 0x14E97 Undecided
fwrite 0x19D85 Undecided
memset 0x1F194 Undecided
close 0x7D7B Undecided
fprintf 0x218D7 Undecided
fprintf 0xE504 Undecided
fputc 0x14F15 Undecided
fwrite 0x19DA2 Undecided
memset 0x1FB3B Undecided
dup2 0x134D9 Undecided
fprintf 0x21F71 Undecided
fprintf 0xE521 Undecided
fputc 0x150BC Undecided
fwrite 0x19DD9 Undecided
memset 0xA592 Undecided
dup2 0x150F9 Undecided
fprintf 0x21FFC Undecided
fprintf 0xE53E Undecided
fputc 0x150D1 Undecided
fwrite 0x19DF6 Undecided
printf 0x1134E Undecided
dup2 0x15107 Undecided
fprintf 0x22A49 Undecided
fprintf 0xE55B Undecided
fputc 0x151BC Undecided
fwrite 0x19E13 Undecided
printf 0x12C7D Undecided
fclose 0x1343D Undecided
fprintf 0x7BBC Undecided
fprintf 0xE578 Undecided
fputc 0x161AC Undecided
fwrite 0x1A715 Undecided
printf 0x12C93 Undecided
fclose 0x134CA Undecided
fprintf 0x7DB8 Undecided
fprintf 0xE595 Undecided
fputc 0x194B8 Undecided
fwrite 0x1A768 Undecided
printf 0x12CB7 Undecided
fclose 0x13534 Undecided
fprintf 0x804A Undecided
fprintf 0xE5B2 Undecided
fputc 0x19542 Undecided
fwrite 0x1AF0F Undecided
printf 0x12CF1 Undecided
fclose 0x15163 Undecided
fprintf 0x83F7 Undecided
fprintf 0xE5CF Undecided
fputc 0x1A168 Undecided
fwrite 0x1AF41 Undecided
printf 0x12D21 Undecided
fclose 0x19A39 Undecided
fprintf 0x8451 Undecided
fprintf 0xE5EC Undecided
fputc 0x1A734 Undecided
fwrite 0x85F2 Undecided
printf 0x12DE0 Undecided
fclose 0x19BE9 Undecided
fprintf 0x8564 Undecided
fprintf 0xE609 Undecided
fputc 0x1A828 Undecided
fwrite 0x89B1 Undecided
printf 0x12E0E Undecided
fclose 0x1AFC0 Undecided
fprintf 0x8596 Undecided
fprintf 0xE626 Undecided
fputc 0x1D805 Undecided
fwrite 0x8D17 Undecided
printf 0x12EBB Undecided
fclose 0x22AE9 Undecided
fprintf 0x8D71 Undecided
fprintf 0xE700 Undecided
fputc 0x1DCDB Undecided
fwrite 0x8E80 Undecided
printf 0x12FFE Undecided
fclose 0x89F8 Undecided
fprintf 0x8DE0 Undecided
fprintf 0xE71D Undecided
fputc 0x205A1 Undecided
fwrite 0x90FB Undecided
printf 0x1307C Undecided
fprintf 0x10000 Undecided
fprintf 0x8DFC Undecided
fprintf 0xE73A Undecided
fputc 0x21F94 Undecided
fwrite 0xA106 Undecided
printf 0x1319B Undecided
fprintf 0x10142 Undecided
fprintf 0x8E21 Undecided
fprintf 0xE757 Undecided
fputc 0x2201F Undecided
fwrite 0xA12E Undecided
printf 0x131B8 Undecided
fprintf 0x101AE Undecided
fprintf 0x8F85 Undecided
fprintf 0xE774 Undecided
fputc 0x8D88 Undecided
fwrite 0xA156 Undecided
printf 0x1506C Undecided
fprintf 0x1028D Undecided
fprintf 0x9118 Undecided
fprintf 0xE791 Undecided
fputc 0xC62A Undecided
fwrite 0xA38C Undecided
printf 0x18639 Undecided
fprintf 0x10317 Undecided
fprintf 0x9181 Undecided
fprintf 0xE7AE Undecided
fputc 0xC8C7 Undecided
fwrite 0xA8FA Undecided
printf 0x196EB Undecided
fprintf 0x108FE Undecided
fprintf 0x9201 Undecided
fprintf 0xE7CB Undecided
fputc 0xC91C Undecided
fwrite 0xA928 Undecided
printf 0x196FD Undecided
fprintf 0x10BD1 Undecided
fprintf 0x9E64 Undecided
fprintf 0xE7E8 Undecided
fputc 0xC9AC Undecided
fwrite 0xAA6A Undecided
printf 0x1980C Undecided
fprintf 0x10EB2 Undecided
fprintf 0x9FCD Undecided
fprintf 0xE8B8 Undecided
fputc 0xC9FD Undecided
fwrite 0xAA98 Undecided
printf 0x19948 Undecided
fprintf 0x10F3A Undecided
fprintf 0x9FF2 Undecided
fprintf 0xE8D5 Undecided
fputc 0xCA1F Undecided
fwrite 0xAC58 Undecided
printf 0x19965 Undecided
fprintf 0x10F85 Undecided
fprintf 0xA24A Undecided
fprintf 0xE8F2 Undecided
fputc 0xD51B Undecided
fwrite 0xAC88 Undecided
printf 0x199D2 Undecided
fprintf 0x11014 Undecided
fprintf 0xAD91 Undecided
fprintf 0xE90F Undecided
fputc 0xE1D1 Undecided
fwrite 0xACAE Undecided
printf 0x19CDC Undecided
fprintf 0x110CF Undecided
fprintf 0xADB2 Undecided
fprintf 0xE9FC Undecided
fputc 0xE280 Undecided
fwrite 0xAD74 Undecided
printf 0x19D45 Undecided
fprintf 0x1110F Undecided
fprintf 0xADD3 Undecided
fprintf 0xEA19 Undecided
fputc 0xEF8D Undecided
fwrite 0xAFF8 Undecided
printf 0x19DBC Undecided
fprintf 0x11154 Undecided
fprintf 0xADF4 Undecided
fprintf 0xEA36 Undecided
fputc 0xF539 Undecided
fwrite 0xB046 Undecided
printf 0x19E6E Undecided
fprintf 0x11174 Undecided
fprintf 0xAE15 Undecided
fprintf 0xEA53 Undecided
fputc 0xFA7E Undecided
fwrite 0xB409 Undecided
printf 0x1A4E7 Undecided
fprintf 0x11377 Undecided
fprintf 0xAE36 Undecided
fprintf 0xEA70 Undecided
fputs 0x10D5E Undecided
fwrite 0xB435 Undecided
printf 0x1A58C Undecided
fprintf 0x113D3 Undecided
fprintf 0xAE57 Undecided
fprintf 0xEA8D Undecided
fputs 0x10E12 Undecided
fwrite 0xB611 Undecided
printf 0x1A5E8 Undecided
fprintf 0x11DF6 Undecided
fprintf 0xAE7B Undecided
fprintf 0xEAAA Undecided
fputs 0x1108B Undecided
fwrite 0xBC7F Undecided
printf 0x1A61B Undecided
fprintf 0x11E1F Undecided
fprintf 0xB021 Undecided
fprintf 0xEAC7 Undecided
fputs 0x11187 Undecided
fwrite 0xBCA1 Undecided
printf 0x1A644 Undecided
fprintf 0x11FDB Undecided
fprintf 0xB291 Undecided
fprintf 0xEAE4 Undecided
fputs 0x12133 Undecided
fwrite 0xBCC1 Undecided
printf 0x1A69A Undecided
fprintf 0x122E9 Undecided
fprintf 0xB2DC Undecided
fprintf 0xEB01 Undecided
fputs 0x13F45 Undecided
fwrite 0xBF0A Undecided
printf 0x1A6F3 Undecided
fprintf 0x124EB Undecided
fprintf 0xB3D6 Undecided
fprintf 0xEB2A Undecided
fputs 0x147E3 Undecided
fwrite 0xBFF8 Undecided
printf 0x1A78F Undecided
fprintf 0x12608 Undecided
fprintf 0xB63C Undecided
fprintf 0xEBF0 Undecided
fputs 0x1482B Undecided
fwrite 0xC1D8 Undecided
printf 0x1A7CD Undecided
fprintf 0x1264B Undecided
fprintf 0xB8BC Undecided
fprintf 0xEC11 Undecided
fputs 0x14E78 Undecided
fwrite 0xCBB3 Undecided
printf 0x1A882 Undecided
fprintf 0x12970 Undecided
fprintf 0xB8F7 Undecided
fprintf 0xEC32 Undecided
fputs 0x14EA6 Undecided
fwrite 0xCBCC Undecided
printf 0x1A8D8 Undecided
fprintf 0x137DF Undecided
fprintf 0xBBC2 Undecided
fprintf 0xEC53 Undecided
fputs 0x157D0 Undecided
fwrite 0xCD42 Undecided
printf 0x1A940 Undecided
fprintf 0x13954 Undecided
fprintf 0xBBF8 Undecided
fprintf 0xEC74 Undecided
fputs 0x157FF Undecided
fwrite 0xCD5B Undecided
printf 0x1A95F Undecided
fprintf 0x13A3E Undecided
fprintf 0xBDC1 Undecided
fprintf 0xEC91 Undecided
fputs 0x15870 Undecided
fwrite 0xCF99 Undecided
printf 0x1A987 Undecided
fprintf 0x13A64 Undecided
fprintf 0xBF67 Undecided
fprintf 0xECAE Undecided
fputs 0x1589B Undecided
fwrite 0xCFB2 Undecided
printf 0x1A9A4 Undecided
fprintf 0x13A97 Undecided
fprintf 0xBFCA Undecided
fprintf 0xECCB Undecided
fputs 0x15A3F Undecided
fwrite 0xD210 Undecided
printf 0x1F24A Undecided
fprintf 0x13AB1 Undecided
fprintf 0xC17E Undecided
fprintf 0xECE8 Undecided
fputs 0x15B8C Undecided
fwrite 0xD462 Undecided
printf 0x1F26C Undecided
fprintf 0x13C7E Undecided
fprintf 0xC1A5 Undecided
fprintf 0xED05 Undecided
fputs 0x16B79 Undecided
fwrite 0xD67B Undecided
printf 0x9812 Undecided
fprintf 0x13E1D Undecided
fprintf 0xC200 Undecided
fprintf 0xED22 Undecided
fputs 0x1865D Undecided
fwrite 0xD694 Undecided
printf 0xA314 Undecided
fprintf 0x13E3F Undecided
fprintf 0xC228 Undecided
fprintf 0xED3F Undecided
fputs 0x189EA Undecided
fwrite 0xDCE8 Undecided
printf 0xA34C Undecided
fprintf 0x13ED2 Undecided
fprintf 0xC43D Undecided
fprintf 0xEE56 Undecided
fputs 0x18EEF Undecided
fwrite 0xE377 Undecided
puts 0x2047B Undecided
fprintf 0x13F99 Undecided
fprintf 0xC48E Undecided
fprintf 0xEE7E Undecided
fputs 0x18FC4 Undecided
fwrite 0xF171 Undecided
recv 0x9AA8 Undecided
fprintf 0x14144 Undecided
fprintf 0xC4A8 Undecided
fprintf 0xEEAD Undecided
fputs 0x19478 Undecided
fwrite 0xF18F Undecided
snprintf 0x134A6 Undecided
fprintf 0x147C8 Undecided
fprintf 0xC4C2 Undecided
fprintf 0xEEDC Undecided
fputs 0x19551 Undecided
fwrite 0xF1AD Undecided
snprintf 0x135C7 Undecided
fprintf 0x14F2D Undecided
fprintf 0xC4DF Undecided
fprintf 0xEEF0 Undecided
fputs 0x1967E Undecided
fwrite 0xF1CB Undecided
snprintf 0x139E1 Undecided
fprintf 0x14F50 Undecided
fprintf 0xC4FC Undecided
fprintf 0xEFAA Undecided
fputs 0x19D27 Undecided
fwrite 0xF1E9 Undecided
snprintf 0x15CCD Undecided
fprintf 0x1583F Undecided
fprintf 0xC519 Undecided
fprintf 0xEFD9 Undecided
fputs 0x1A11E Undecided
fwrite 0xF207 Undecided
snprintf 0x15DA0 Undecided
fprintf 0x158D7 Undecided
fprintf 0xC536 Undecided
fprintf 0xEFFE Undecided
fputs 0x1D85E Undecided
fwrite 0xF225 Undecided
snprintf 0x160BA Undecided
fprintf 0x15907 Undecided
fprintf 0xC553 Undecided
fprintf 0xF061 Undecided
fputs 0x1D887 Undecided
fwrite 0xF243 Undecided
snprintf 0x197F7 Undecided
fprintf 0x15A7A Undecided
fprintf 0xC580 Undecided
fprintf 0xF089 Undecided
fputs 0x1D8B7 Undecided
fwrite 0xF261 Undecided
snprintf 0x19AF5 Undecided
fprintf 0x15B10 Undecided
fprintf 0xC5AD Undecided
fprintf 0xF0B8 Undecided
fputs 0x1DA0C Undecided
fwrite 0xF27F Undecided
snprintf 0x1FD5A Undecided
fprintf 0x15BC8 Undecided
fprintf 0xC5CA Undecided
fprintf 0xF0DF Undecided
fputs 0x1DBCA Undecided
fwrite 0xF29D Undecided
snprintf 0x206E0 Undecided
fprintf 0x15DBC Undecided
fprintf 0xC5F7 Undecided
fprintf 0xF0FC Undecided
fputs 0x1DBE2 Undecided
fwrite 0xF2BB Undecided
snprintf 0x20895 Undecided
fprintf 0x15EF9 Undecided
fprintf 0xC611 Undecided
fprintf 0xF119 Undecided
fputs 0x1DBFD Undecided
fwrite 0xF2D9 Undecided
snprintf 0x209DC Undecided
fprintf 0x15FB6 Undecided
fprintf 0xC80F Undecided
fprintf 0xF136 Undecided
fputs 0x1DC18 Undecided
fwrite 0xF2F7 Undecided
snprintf 0x20AAE Undecided
fprintf 0x1602F Undecided
fprintf 0xC82D Undecided
fprintf 0xF153 Undecided
fputs 0x1DCBA Undecided
fwrite 0xF315 Undecided
snprintf 0x20EC4 Undecided
fprintf 0x160D7 Undecided
fprintf 0xC877 Undecided
fprintf 0xF408 Undecided
fputs 0x20563 Undecided
fwrite 0xF333 Undecided
snprintf 0x2104B Undecided
fprintf 0x161E6 Undecided
fprintf 0xC8B5 Undecided
fprintf 0xF429 Undecided
fwrite 0x1001D Undecided
fwrite 0xF4BA Undecided
snprintf 0x21337 Undecided
fprintf 0x19181 Undecided
fprintf 0xC8E5 Undecided
fprintf 0xF44A Undecided
fwrite 0x10334 Undecided
fwrite 0xF524 Undecided
snprintf 0x2148F Undecided
fprintf 0x19500 Undecided
fprintf 0xC966 Undecided
fprintf 0xF467 Undecided
fwrite 0x104E0 Undecided
fwrite 0xF678 Undecided
snprintf 0x21CCA Undecided
fprintf 0x1A093 Undecided
fprintf 0xC9DA Undecided
fprintf 0xF484 Undecided
fwrite 0x10611 Undecided
fwrite 0xFA21 Undecided
snprintf 0x21D45 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A0C9 Undecided
fprintf 0xCD11 Undecided
fprintf 0xF4A1 Undecided
fwrite 0x1062A Undecided
fwrite 0xFB95 Undecided
snprintf 0x21F38 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A100 Undecided
fprintf 0xCF16 Undecided
fprintf 0xF4D4 Undecided
fwrite 0x10CD4 Undecided
fwrite 0xFBB3 Undecided
snprintf 0x227E3 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A153 Undecided
fprintf 0xD062 Undecided
fprintf 0xF4F9 Undecided
fwrite 0x10D84 Undecided
fwrite 0xFBD9 Undecided
snprintf 0x2458D Undecided
fprintf 0x1A214 Undecided
fprintf 0xD2E5 Undecided
fprintf 0xF70B Undecided
fwrite 0x10DDD Undecided
fwrite 0xFBFF Undecided
snprintf 0x245C4 Undecided
fprintf 0x1A4A7 Undecided
fprintf 0xD301 Undecided
fprintf 0xF73C Undecided
fwrite 0x10DF2 Undecided
fwrite 0xFC25 Undecided
sprintf 0x10FCB Undecided
fprintf 0x1AADC Undecided
fprintf 0xD31E Undecided
fprintf 0xF769 Undecided
fwrite 0x10FF5 Undecided
fwrite 0xFC4B Undecided
sprintf 0x13932 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AB35 Undecided
fprintf 0xD33B Undecided
fprintf 0xF787 Undecided
fwrite 0x12038 Undecided
fwrite 0xFC71 Undecided
sprintf 0x19344 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AB81 Undecided
fprintf 0xD358 Undecided
fprintf 0xF7A4 Undecided
fwrite 0x12099 Undecided
fwrite 0xFC97 Undecided
sprintf 0x1A42E Undecided
fprintf 0x1AE72 Undecided
fprintf 0xD375 Undecided
fprintf 0xF8D7 Undecided
fwrite 0x120D8 Undecided
fwrite 0xFD7A Undecided
sprintf 0x1B9F4 Undecided
fprintf 0x1AF69 Undecided
fprintf 0xD392 Undecided
fprintf 0xF8F8 Undecided
fwrite 0x12408 Undecided
fwrite 0xFE44 Undecided
sprintf 0x1D7F4 Undecided
fprintf 0x1B2C7 Undecided
fprintf 0xD3AF Undecided
fprintf 0xF923 Undecided
fwrite 0x12477 Undecided
fwrite 0xFF75 Undecided
sprintf 0x1DB26 Undecided
fprintf 0x1B2F3 Undecided
fprintf 0xD3CC Undecided
fprintf 0xF93C Undecided
fwrite 0x12E64 Undecided
getenv 0x1CEC9 Undecided
sprintf 0x1DC98 Undecided
fprintf 0x1C648 Undecided
fprintf 0xD3E9 Undecided
fprintf 0xF955 Undecided
fwrite 0x13113 Undecided
memcpy 0x12AF9 Undecided
strcpy 0x143E6 Undecided
fprintf 0x1D7B0 Undecided
fprintf 0xD406 Undecided
fprintf 0xF97C Undecided
fwrite 0x131D5 Undecided
memcpy 0x143B5 Undecided
strcpy 0x193F7 Undecided
fprintf 0x1DAED Undecided
fprintf 0xD423 Undecided
fprintf 0xF9A7 Undecided
fwrite 0x13528 Undecided
memcpy 0x173B9 Undecided
strncpy 0x1DD65 Undecided
fprintf 0x1DB8C Undecided
fprintf 0xD43D Undecided
fprintf 0xF9D4 Undecided
fwrite 0x14800 Undecided
memcpy 0x17E4C Undecided
system 0x134E5 Undecided
fprintf 0x1DC6C Undecided
fprintf 0xD940 Undecided
fprintf 0xFA08 Undecided
fwrite 0x15180 Undecided
memcpy 0x1923E Undecided
unlink 0x137A6 Undecided
fprintf 0x1DE9D Undecided
fprintf 0xDB81 Undecided
fprintf 0xFAA5 Undecided
fwrite 0x151DC Undecided
memcpy 0x1AC2A Undecided
fprintf 0x1FE90 Undecided
fprintf 0xDE62 Undecided
fprintf 0xFF58 Undecided
fwrite 0x18A2F Undecided
memcpy 0x1AD8A Undecided
fprintf 0x1FED1 Undecided
fprintf 0xDF1E Undecided
fputc 0x10D9B Undecided
fwrite 0x19911 Undecided
memcpy 0x1AE3F Undecided
fprintf 0x1FF8B Undecided
fprintf 0xDF4E Undecided
fputc 0x1105C Undecided
fwrite 0x1992E Undecided
memcpy 0x1C3CB Undecided



memcheck-double-release:
Time: 00:18:00
Total: 1

memcheck-use-after-release:
Time: 00:18:00
Total: 1
False_pos: 1

value-was-used-before-check:
Time: 00:18:00
Total: 87
