Size: 873K

 Forbidden:
 Time: 00:00:30

  __errno_location Confirmed
  abort  Confirmed
  atoi  Confirmed
  atol  Confirmed
  exit  Confirmed
  fprintf  Confirmed
  freopen  Confirmed
  getenv  Confirmed
  printf  Confirmed
  putchar  Confirmed
  puts  Confirmed
  sscanf  Confirmed

 Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:33

  ap_abort_on_oom Undecided
  ap_add_module_commands  Undecided
  ap_die  Undecided
  ap_rgetline_core  Undecided
  ap_rxplus_exec  Undecided
  ap_soak_end_container  Undecided
  ap_strcasecmp_match  Undecided
  ap_strcmp_match  Undecided
  child_main  Undecided
  clean_child_exit  Undecided
  count_directives_sub  Undecided
  parse_errorlog_item  Undecided
  process_resource_config_fnmatch  Undecided
  process_resource_config_nofnmatch  Undecided
  sub_43e8ec  Undecided
  sub_4404b0  Undecided
  sub_45aa86  Undecided
  sub_45da01  Undecided
  sub_478d3d  Undecided
  sub_48384a  Undecided
  sub_483ce2  Undecided
  sub_486162  Undecided

Complex:
 Time: 00:00:49

  ap_core_output_filter  Undecided
  ap_directory_walk   Undecided
  ap_get_mime_headers_core  Undecided
  ap_http_filter  Undecided
  ap_process_async_request  Undecided
  ap_process_request_internal  Undecided
  ap_read_request  Undecided
  ap_scan_script_header_err_core_ex  Undecided
  ap_setup_client_block  Undecided
  basic_http_header  Undecided
  event_check_config  Undecided
  log_error_core  Undecided
  sub_483ce2  Undecided
  ap_select_protocol  Undecided
  ap_set_byterange  Undecided
  default_handler  Undecided


Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:51

  not found

 Null:
 Time: 01:36:00

regsub_core 0x42FB09 Undecided
regsub_core 0x42FCD4 Undecided
ap_make_dirstr_parent 0x4303AA  Undecided
ap_getword_conf 0x430851  Undecided
ap_cfg_getline_core 0x430F6F  Undecided
ap_varbuf_cfg_getline 0x431192  Undecided
ap_get_sload 0x434D51  Undecided
ap_core_child_status 0x436933  Undecided
ap_reopen_scoreboard 0x43954A  Undecided
ap_copy_scoreboard_worker 0x439FEF  Undecided
ap_get_server_protocol 0x4468DF  Undecided
prep_walk_cache 0x44E371  Undecided
ap_expr_eval_word 0x45511F  Undecided
ap_expr_eval 0x4566BE  Undecided
find_accf_name 0x468A05  Undecided
ap_reclaim_child_processes 0x46B0CF  Undecided
ap_relieve_child_processes 0x46B238  Undecided
ap_rxplus_compile 0x46DF26  Undecided
ap_expr_yylex 0x46FC25  Undecided
ap_expr_yylex 0x46FD1E  Undecided
ap_expr_yy_load_buffer_state 0x471983  Undecided
ap_http_filter 0x479AD4  Undecided
send_all_header_fields 0x47BCF4  Undecided
basic_http_header 0x47C437  Undecided
ap_byterange_filter 0x48053D  Undecided


Unused:
 Time: 00:54:43
  atoi    0x4360B9 False_pos
  atoi    0x436157 False_pos
  atoi    0x436353 False_pos
  atoi    0x4364F5 False_pos
  atoi    0x4734E2 False_pos
  atoi    0x48958D False_pos
  atoi    0x4895DC False_pos
  atoi    0x48962B False_pos
  atoi    0x489789 False_pos
  atoi    0x4897D8 False_pos
  atoi    0x489827 False_pos
  atoi    0x489876 False_pos
  fprintf 0x42BE42 Confirmed
  fprintf 0x4723E5 Confirmed
  getenv  0x457424 False_pos
  getenv  0x457446 False_pos
  getpid  0x44B118 False_pos
  getpid  0x46C386 False_pos
  getpid  0x485A2D False_pos
  memcpy  0x42FE8C Confirmed
  memcpy  0x432B17 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x432B53 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x432B8F Confirmed
  memcpy  0x432BCB Confirmed
  memcpy  0x432C43 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x433263 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x4332AB Confirmed
  memcpy  0x434632 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x434868 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x4348FB Confirmed
  memcpy  0x436DB7 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x439FEF Confirmed
  memcpy  0x43A744 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x43A786 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x43AA49 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x43AA71 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x43BF9E Confirmed
  memcpy  0x43BFC8 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x44E5D7 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x44E6D4 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x44F4A2 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x44FA4C Confirmed
  memcpy  0x44FABD Confirmed
  memcpy  0x4520F9 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x463F50 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x463FAA Confirmed
  memcpy  0x4671F4 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x46725A Confirmed
  memcpy  0x4672C2 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x46E478 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x46E49D Confirmed
  memcpy  0x471318 Confirmed
  memcpy  0x487950 Confirmed
  memmove 0x431108 Confirmed
  memset  0x42D734 Confirmed
  memset  0x439630 Confirmed
  memset  0x439677 Confirmed
  memset  0x4396F6 Confirmed
  memset  0x4491C6 Confirmed
  memset  0x44E4CE Confirmed
  memset  0x45CE3F Confirmed
  memset  0x462448 Confirmed
  memset  0x471F30 Confirmed
  memset  0x47269E Confirmed
  memset  0x47275E Confirmed
  memset  0x48235C Confirmed
  memset  0x4853DB Confirmed
  memset  0x488104 Confirmed
  memset  0x488319 Confirmed
  printf  0x42BB1B Confirmed
  printf  0x42BB44 Confirmed
  printf  0x42BB9F Confirmed
  printf  0x42BBF3 Confirmed
  printf  0x42BC0A Confirmed
  printf  0x42BC23 Confirmed
  printf  0x42BC45 Confirmed
  printf  0x42BC5E Confirmed
  printf  0x42BC72 Confirmed
  printf  0x42BCA4 Confirmed
  printf  0x42BCF4 Confirmed
  printf  0x45A8EE Confirmed
  printf  0x45F1BA Confirmed
  printf  0x45F227 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F251 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F272 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F2A4 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F2CE Confirmed
  printf  0x45F2DD Confirmed
  printf  0x45F307 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F316 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F340 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F34F Confirmed
  printf  0x45F379 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F388 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F3B2 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F3C1 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F439 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F460 Confirmed
  printf  0x45F510 Confirmed
  putchar 0x45F3CB Confirmed
  puts    0x42BB76 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BC81 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BC8B Confirmed
  puts    0x42BC95 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BCAE Confirmed
  puts    0x42BCB8 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BCC2 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BCCC Confirmed
  puts    0x42BCD6 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BCE0 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BCFE Confirmed
  puts    0x42BD08 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BD12 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BD1C Confirmed
  puts    0x42BD26 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BD30 Confirmed
  puts    0x42BD3A Confirmed
  puts    0x45F4DA Confirmed
  puts    0x46BF4B Confirmed
  puts    0x46BF7F Confirmed
  puts    0x46BFC2 Confirmed
  puts    0x46C00D Confirmed
  puts    0x46C057 Confirmed
  strcat  0x46289B Confirmed
  strchr  0x46D836 Undecided
  strchr  0x46D858 Undecided
  strcmp  0x43F506 False_pos
  strcmp  0x45D5BD Undecided
  strcpy  0x46E4C2 Confirmed
  strlen  0x43A3E4 False_pos
  strlen  0x447001 False_pos
  strlen  0x45605B False_pos
  strlen  0x46BC5C False_pos
  strlen  0x47C437 False_pos
  strlen  0x47C467 False_pos
  strncpy 0x466987 Confirmed
  strrchr 0x46D87A Undecided
  strrchr 0x46D89C Undecided
  strstr  0x46D8C1 Undecided
  strstr  0x46D8E6 Undecided
  strtod  0x4898CC Confirmed


 Value-was-used-before-check:
 Time: 01:04:41
 Stat: 17/0/0/0
