Size: 1.4M

Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:47

__errno_location Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
getenv Confirmed
clearerr Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
perror Confirmed
ctime Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
printf Confirmed
exit Confirmed
fputs Confirmed
putchar Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
fread Confirmed
puts Confirmed
feof Confirmed
fseek Confirmed
rename Confirmed
ferror Confirmed
ftell Confirmed
sprintf Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
time Confirmed


Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:46

_trie_dump Undecided
free_lines Undecided
sub_67b07 Undecided
swf5restart Undecided
_trie_put Undecided
input Undecided
sub_67dfe Undecided
swf_ShapeSetLine Undecided
add_parent Undecided
insert_unresolved Undecided
sub_6ac1c Undecided
swf_WriteTag Undecided
args_callback_longoption Undecided
node_dump2 Undecided
sub_6ac48 Undecided
use_asset Undecided
as3__scan_bytes Undecided
node_free Undecided
sub_8589b Undecided
write_asset Undecided
as3_ensure_buffer_stack Undecided
registry_find Undecided
sub_898cd Undecided
yy_scan_bytes Undecided
callcode Undecided
registry_use Undecided
sub_8a9a8 Undecided
yyensure_buffer_stack Undecided
cut_last_push Undecided
state_free Undecided
sub_8e2be Undecided
dump_asset Undecided
sub_42928 Undecided
sub_90b63 Undecided
dump_method Undecided
sub_4b335 Undecided
sub_9c24a Undecided
enter_file Undecided
sub_5134b Undecided
swf4_scan_bytes Undecided
enumerateUsedIDs Undecided
sub_5e73a Undecided
swf4restart Undecided
filterState_free Undecided
sub_61a7a Undecided
swf5_scan_bytes Undecided

Complex:
 Time: 00:01:09

enumerateUsedIDs Undecided
png_load Undecided
png_write_palette_based2 Undecided
writeABC Undecided

Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:58

zlib_error Undecided

Null:
 Time: 02:30:08

s_font 0x486F4 Undecided
texture2 0x4EBF4 Undecided
swf_Shape2ToShape 0x5CB56 Undecided
swf_Relocate 0x63C8E Undecided
swf_ReadABCfile 0x66EF1 Undecided
varinfo_register_onclass 0x72140 Undecided
get_path 0x94E2B Undecided
enter_file2 0x95334 Undecided
as3__load_buffer_state 0x955B1 Undecided
handleLabel 0x95C40 Undecided
handleInclude 0x9603C Undecided
as3_lex 0x97D4A Undecided
node_plus_eval 0xA6144 Undecided
node_plus_eval 0xA6181 Undecided
dict_put 0xA854E Undecided
png_read_header 0xA97ED Undecided

Unused:
Time: 01:09:32
calloc 0xA6BD4 Undecided
fprintf 0x645FA Undecided
fprintf 0x87841 Undecided
fwrite 0x65E3A Undecided
malloc 0xA9087 Undecided
printf 0x72DEB Undecided
close 0x4A80A Undecided
fprintf 0x646E7 Undecided
fprintf 0x87967 Undecided
fwrite 0x65E65 Undecided
malloc 0xACC71 Undecided
printf 0x72E03 Undecided
close 0x4CDE5 Undecided
fprintf 0x64735 Undecided
fprintf 0x87A7E Undecided
fwrite 0x662B3 Undecided
malloc 0xAD36D Undecided
printf 0x84A3F Undecided
close 0x603A7 Undecided
fprintf 0x647A6 Undecided
fprintf 0x88413 Undecided
fwrite 0x66311 Undecided
memcpy 0x52267 Undecided
printf 0x8A207 Undecided
close 0x60402 Undecided
fprintf 0x64822 Undecided
fprintf 0x88796 Undecided
fwrite 0x6668D Undecided
memcpy 0x5227B Undecided
printf 0x8C0A6 Undecided
close 0x66E58 Undecided
fprintf 0x64A73 Undecided
fprintf 0x8C05A Undecided
fwrite 0x666B7 Undecided
memcpy 0x5600D Undecided
printf 0x95B73 Undecided
close 0x6757B Undecided
fprintf 0x64B89 Undecided
fprintf 0xA654B Undecided
fwrite 0x666E1 Undecided
memcpy 0x56036 Undecided
printf 0xA7848 Undecided
close 0xAE80D Undecided
fprintf 0x64BCE Undecided
fprintf 0xA6574 Undecided
fwrite 0x6693E Undecided
memcpy 0x5892A Undecided
printf 0xAA4ED Undecided
close 0xAEA84 Undecided
fprintf 0x6749D Undecided
fprintf 0xA667D Undecided
fwrite 0x66A1C Undecided
memcpy 0x5C377 Undecided
printf 0xAA50B Undecided
close 0xAEBC0 Undecided
fprintf 0x675B2 Undecided
fprintf 0xA66F4 Undecided
fwrite 0x66AED Undecided
memcpy 0x5C39E Undecided
printf 0xAA83F Undecided
fclose 0x44D90 Undecided
fprintf 0x68378 Undecided
fprintf 0xA6D1F Undecided
fwrite 0x66BB5 Undecided
memcpy 0x5C4B6 Undecided
printf 0xAA8CE Undecided
fclose 0x457E8 Undecided
fprintf 0x68866 Undecided
fprintf 0xA81C3 Undecided
fwrite 0x6703D Undecided
memcpy 0x5C4DC Undecided
printf 0xAB600 Undecided
fclose 0x8373F Undecided
fprintf 0x6899D Undecided
fprintf 0xA8619 Undecided
fwrite 0x674C3 Undecided
memcpy 0x5C956 Undecided
printf 0xADA6B Undecided
fclose 0x951D5 Undecided
fprintf 0x68AE5 Undecided
fprintf 0xA9018 Undecided
fwrite 0x6A860 Undecided
memcpy 0x5C982 Undecided
printf 0xADAC7 Undecided
fclose 0x95203 Undecided
fprintf 0x68B05 Undecided
fprintf 0xA9062 Undecided
fwrite 0x6A87E Undecided
memcpy 0x6321A Undecided
putchar 0x461F3 Undecided
fclose 0xAA459 Undecided
fprintf 0x68FD7 Undecided
fprintf 0xA9543 Undecided
fwrite 0x6A89C Undecided
memcpy 0x648B5 Undecided
putchar 0x46211 Undecided
fclose 0xAA51B Undecided
fprintf 0x68FF6 Undecided
fprintf 0xA986A Undecided
fwrite 0x6CD04 Undecided
memcpy 0x6A16E Undecided
putchar 0x46257 Undecided
fclose 0xAA804 Undecided
fprintf 0x69068 Undecided
fprintf 0xAA43B Undecided
fwrite 0x6CD39 Undecided
memcpy 0x8E277 Undecided
putchar 0x55BAC Undecided
fclose 0xAD5A8 Undecided
fprintf 0x69143 Undecided
fprintf 0xAAC87 Undecided
fwrite 0x6E1C9 Undecided
memcpy 0x9512B Undecided
putchar 0x55C65 Undecided
fclose 0xAD5D5 Undecided
fprintf 0x69274 Undecided
fprintf 0xAAD40 Undecided
fwrite 0x6E732 Undecided
memcpy 0x96526 Undecided
putchar 0x5D49F Undecided
fclose 0xAD643 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A697 Undecided
fprintf 0xAD606 Undecided
fwrite 0x6E8A1 Undecided
memcpy 0x96C9A Undecided
putchar 0x72D7D Undecided
fclose 0xAD670 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A70E Undecided
fprintf 0xAD636 Undecided
fwrite 0x7195B Undecided
memcpy 0x9C2EB Undecided
putchar 0x8A1F4 Undecided
fclose 0xAD82B Undecided
fprintf 0x6A728 Undecided
fprintf 0xAD84F Undecided
fwrite 0x71BCD Undecided
memcpy 0xA6181 Undecided
putchar 0x8C08A Undecided
fclose 0xAD857 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A73F Undecided
fprintf 0xAD8A9 Undecided
fwrite 0xA78EB Undecided
memcpy 0xA6A79 Undecided
puts 0x4621D Undecided
fclose 0xAD881 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A785 Undecided
fprintf 0xADBE3 Undecided
fwrite 0xA9CC3 Undecided
memcpy 0xA70C8 Undecided
puts 0x46229 Undecided
fclose 0xAD8BA Undecided
fprintf 0x6A7D2 Undecided
fprintf 0xAE006 Undecided
fwrite 0xA9D05 Undecided
memcpy 0xA70F3 Undecided
puts 0x46235 Undecided
fclose 0xADA87 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A7F2 Undecided
fprintf 0xAE147 Undecided
fwrite 0xA9D67 Undecided
memcpy 0xA71B3 Undecided
puts 0x46241 Undecided
fclose 0xAE0B4 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A8C4 Undecided
fprintf 0xAED67 Undecided
fwrite 0xA9DA9 Undecided
memcpy 0xA71EA Undecided
puts 0x4624D Undecided
fclose 0xAE46B Undecided
fprintf 0x6A8FB Undecided
fprintf 0xAEDE6 Undecided
fwrite 0xA9DEB Undecided
memcpy 0xA7202 Undecided
puts 0x47D42 Undecided
fclose 0xAE908 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A9EB Undecided
fprintf 0xB0209 Undecided
fwrite 0xA9E29 Undecided
memcpy 0xA7A13 Undecided
puts 0x47D7E Undecided
fclose 0xAE910 Undecided
fprintf 0x6AA87 Undecided
fprintf 0xB054F Undecided
fwrite 0xA9EDA Undecided
memcpy 0xA7F2F Undecided
puts 0x55CAE Undecided
fclose 0xAE9A7 Undecided
fprintf 0x6AAB7 Undecided
fprintf 0xB05DC Undecided
fwrite 0xA9F00 Undecided
memcpy 0xA7FD5 Undecided
puts 0x58D0A Undecided
fclose 0xAFF0E Undecided
fprintf 0x6AB07 Undecided
fprintf 0xB0644 Undecided
fwrite 0xA9F42 Undecided
memcpy 0xA7FE9 Undecided
puts 0x58D2F Undecided
fclose 0xAFF94 Undecided
fprintf 0x6AB34 Undecided
fprintf 0xB0690 Undecided
fwrite 0xA9F84 Undecided
memcpy 0xA9EB8 Undecided
puts 0x95B7D Undecided
fopen 0x9518D Undecided
fprintf 0x6AB55 Undecided
fputc 0x58C04 Undecided
fwrite 0xA9FC6 Undecided
memcpy 0xAA6AD Undecided
puts 0xA6766 Undecided
fopen 0xAFF3F Undecided
fprintf 0x6AC94 Undecided
fputc 0x58C13 Undecided
fwrite 0xACA6D Undecided
memcpy 0xAB35F Undecided
puts 0xA678E Undecided
fprintf 0x42A25 Undecided
fprintf 0x6C388 Undecided
fputc 0x64BEB Undecided
fwrite 0xACAB5 Undecided
memcpy 0xAB61B Undecided
puts 0xB0234 Undecided
fprintf 0x4612C Undecided
fprintf 0x6C5B2 Undecided
fputc 0x68B31 Undecided
fwrite 0xACB48 Undecided
memcpy 0xAB726 Undecided
puts 0xB0582 Undecided
fprintf 0x461B9 Undecided
fprintf 0x6D1A9 Undecided
fputc 0x68BA9 Undecided
fwrite 0xACB86 Undecided
memcpy 0xAE071 Undecided
realloc 0x95E22 Undecided
fprintf 0x4628A Undecided
fprintf 0x6D2CB Undecided
fputc 0x6AC7B Undecided
fwrite 0xACBC4 Undecided
memcpy 0xAEC4D Undecided
realloc 0xA90AF Undecided
fprintf 0x4894F Undecided
fprintf 0x6D4A3 Undecided
fputc 0x6E1D6 Undecided
fwrite 0xACC02 Undecided
memcpy 0xAECE5 Undecided
sprintf 0x67680 Undecided
fprintf 0x5105F Undecided
fprintf 0x6D60A Undecided
fputc 0x71559 Undecided
fwrite 0xACCFF Undecided
memmove 0x522AE Undecided
sprintf 0x6AA2D Undecided
fprintf 0x51172 Undecided
fprintf 0x6D64E Undecided
fputc 0x7172B Undecided
fwrite 0xACD91 Undecided
memmove 0x522D4 Undecided
sprintf 0x6D0BC Undecided
fprintf 0x57268 Undecided
fprintf 0x6D696 Undecided
fputc 0xA7575 Undecided
fwrite 0xAD5CD Undecided
memset 0x488D3 Undecided
sprintf 0x6D0E5 Undecided
fprintf 0x572E9 Undecided
fprintf 0x6D6F0 Undecided
fputs 0x68ACB Undecided
fwrite 0xAD668 Undecided
memset 0x63AF1 Undecided
sprintf 0x6D108 Undecided
fprintf 0x5747C Undecided
fprintf 0x6D7B2 Undecided
fputs 0x68B5C Undecided
fwrite 0xAD879 Undecided
memset 0xAACE6 Undecided
sprintf 0x82B0A Undecided
fprintf 0x57636 Undecided
fprintf 0x6D800 Undecided
fputs 0x713E7 Undecided
fwrite 0xAD914 Undecided
memset 0xAC6B4 Undecided
sprintf 0x82B29 Undecided
fprintf 0x57B36 Undecided
fprintf 0x6D956 Undecided
fputs 0x7140A Undecided
fwrite 0xAD952 Undecided
memset 0xAEA14 Undecided
sprintf 0x82B48 Undecided
fprintf 0x57B7D Undecided
fprintf 0x6E049 Undecided
fread 0x59BC7 Undecided
fwrite 0xAD96B Undecided
memset 0xAF721 Undecided
sprintf 0x96CB3 Undecided
fprintf 0x57BB4 Undecided
fprintf 0x6E065 Undecided
fread 0xA970A Undecided
fwrite 0xADA0A Undecided
printf 0x46054 Undecided
sprintf 0xAE717 Undecided
fprintf 0x57C87 Undecided
fprintf 0x6E0BC Undecided
fwrite 0x4B226 Undecided
fwrite 0xADA23 Undecided
printf 0x460A5 Undecided
sprintf 0xAE75E Undecided
fprintf 0x57F9D Undecided
fprintf 0x6E0D8 Undecided
fwrite 0x4B62A Undecided
fwrite 0xADA57 Undecided
printf 0x46207 Undecided
sprintf 0xB017C Undecided
fprintf 0x58989 Undecided
fprintf 0x6E13C Undecided
fwrite 0x4B72F Undecided
fwrite 0xADA7F Undecided
printf 0x47D69 Undecided
sprintf 0xB04C2 Undecided
fprintf 0x589B4 Undecided
fprintf 0x6E158 Undecided
fwrite 0x50CC8 Undecided
fwrite 0xAE1FA Undecided
printf 0x554F9 Undecided
strcat 0x51F54 Undecided
fprintf 0x589DA Undecided
fprintf 0x6E1B4 Undecided
fwrite 0x50D84 Undecided
fwrite 0xAE33E Undecided
printf 0x55C4A Undecided
strcat 0x52012 Undecided
fprintf 0x589F8 Undecided
fprintf 0x6E1F2 Undecided
fwrite 0x55213 Undecided
fwrite 0xAE434 Undecided
printf 0x55C9D Undecided
strcat 0x6CA18 Undecided
fprintf 0x58A10 Undecided
fprintf 0x6E259 Undecided
fwrite 0x56318 Undecided
fwrite 0xAE461 Undecided
printf 0x55D28 Undecided
strcat 0x6CBD2 Undecided
fprintf 0x58A83 Undecided
fprintf 0x6E2DC Undecided
fwrite 0x57E71 Undecided
fwrite 0xAE495 Undecided
printf 0x55D6D Undecided
strcat 0x6CC76 Undecided
fprintf 0x58ACE Undecided
fprintf 0x6E35C Undecided
fwrite 0x57F6D Undecided
fwrite 0xAE8E7 Undecided
printf 0x58C35 Undecided
strcat 0x88A74 Undecided
fprintf 0x58AE8 Undecided
fprintf 0x6E6BE Undecided
fwrite 0x5838F Undecided
fwrite 0xAEC7A Undecided
printf 0x58C4A Undecided
strcat 0xAE64C Undecided
fprintf 0x58B2A Undecided
fprintf 0x6FCF9 Undecided
fwrite 0x58952 Undecided
fwrite 0xAED15 Undecided
printf 0x58C5F Undecided
strchr 0x4574B Undecided
fprintf 0x58B74 Undecided
fprintf 0x6FD7F Undecided
fwrite 0x5942E Undecided
fwrite 0xAEF77 Undecided
printf 0x58C73 Undecided
strcpy 0x56DD8 Undecided
fprintf 0x58BEA Undecided
fprintf 0x7010A Undecided
fwrite 0x59477 Undecided
fwrite 0xAEF99 Undecided
printf 0x58C87 Undecided
strcpy 0x56F99 Undecided
fprintf 0x594CF Undecided
fprintf 0x70184 Undecided
fwrite 0x5A03A Undecided
fwrite 0xAEFFC Undecided
printf 0x58CAF Undecided
strcpy 0x83D45 Undecided
fprintf 0x59A77 Undecided
fprintf 0x701F0 Undecided
fwrite 0x5A7DF Undecided
fwrite 0xAF02E Undecided
printf 0x58CCC Undecided
strcpy 0x83DAD Undecided
fprintf 0x59AF1 Undecided
fprintf 0x7021B Undecided
fwrite 0x5AA46 Undecided
fwrite 0xAF0D6 Undecided
printf 0x58CE5 Undecided
strcpy 0x8A146 Undecided
fprintf 0x59B2A Undecided
fprintf 0x70314 Undecided
fwrite 0x5AF55 Undecided
fwrite 0xAF801 Undecided
printf 0x58CFE Undecided
strcpy 0xAE5A3 Undecided
fprintf 0x59B56 Undecided
fprintf 0x7045F Undecided
fwrite 0x5CC07 Undecided
fwrite 0xAF846 Undecided
printf 0x58D23 Undecided
strcpy 0xB0068 Undecided
fprintf 0x59C62 Undecided
fprintf 0x7058E Undecided
fwrite 0x5CC32 Undecided
fwrite 0xAF8B4 Undecided
printf 0x58D44 Undecided
strcpy 0xB03AD Undecided
fprintf 0x59C82 Undecided
fprintf 0x706BF Undecided
fwrite 0x5CF48 Undecided
fwrite 0xAF8D6 Undecided
printf 0x58D59 Undecided
strncpy 0x4C06D Undecided
fprintf 0x5A36A Undecided
fprintf 0x706F5 Undecided
fwrite 0x5CF76 Undecided
fwrite 0xAF98E Undecided
printf 0x58D6E Undecided
strncpy 0x4C099 Undecided
fprintf 0x5A6A2 Undecided
fprintf 0x70871 Undecided
fwrite 0x5CFA4 Undecided
fwrite 0xAF9B3 Undecided
printf 0x58DE4 Undecided
strstr 0x50A4C Undecided
fprintf 0x5B797 Undecided
fprintf 0x7130A Undecided
fwrite 0x5F16C Undecided
fwrite 0xAF9D8 Undecided
printf 0x58E22 Undecided
strtod 0x4AFE0 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BAF2 Undecided
fprintf 0x7134F Undecided
fwrite 0x5F7B5 Undecided
fwrite 0xAF9FD Undecided
printf 0x58E85 Undecided
strtod 0x4E36F Undecided
fprintf 0x5BD3D Undecided
fprintf 0x71386 Undecided
fwrite 0x6069C Undecided
getcwd 0x94EEF Undecided
printf 0x59455 Undecided
strtod 0x4E619 Undecided
fprintf 0x5D892 Undecided
fprintf 0x713B0 Undecided
fwrite 0x608A8 Undecided
lseek 0xAEA9B Undecided
printf 0x68848 Undecided
strtod 0x4F0D5 Undecided
fprintf 0x5DA74 Undecided
fprintf 0x7145C Undecided
fwrite 0x62055 Undecided
malloc 0x462D1 Undecided
printf 0x70046 Undecided
strtod 0x67958 Undecided
fprintf 0x5E640 Undecided
fprintf 0x71498 Undecided
fwrite 0x63B3B Undecided
malloc 0x46300 Undecided
printf 0x70792 Undecided
strtol 0x4B4DB Undecided
fprintf 0x5E6C6 Undecided
fprintf 0x7157D Undecided
fwrite 0x63C6E Undecided
malloc 0x46329 Undecided
printf 0x707B2 Undecided
strtol 0x4B599 Undecided
fprintf 0x60090 Undecided
fprintf 0x71659 Undecided
fwrite 0x63DE9 Undecided
malloc 0x46352 Undecided
printf 0x70C24 Undecided
strtol 0x8385B Undecided
fprintf 0x600C5 Undecided
fprintf 0x716BB Undecided
fwrite 0x63F9B Undecided
malloc 0x4637B Undecided
printf 0x70E04 Undecided
strtol 0xA5FA9 Undecided
fprintf 0x603FB Undecided
fprintf 0x7170A Undecided
fwrite 0x63FF5 Undecided
malloc 0x463A4 Undecided
printf 0x70E18 Undecided
unlink 0xAE918 Undecided
fprintf 0x60A0C Undecided
fprintf 0x71756 Undecided
fwrite 0x6506D Undecided
malloc 0x463CD Undecided
printf 0x70E2C Undecided
write 0x676B5 Undecided
fprintf 0x62312 Undecided
fprintf 0x71851 Undecided
fwrite 0x6524F Undecided
malloc 0x463F6 Undecided
printf 0x714C1 Undecided
fprintf 0x626EB Undecided
fprintf 0x72373 Undecided
fwrite 0x6529C Undecided
malloc 0x4641F Undecided
printf 0x7251D Undecided
fprintf 0x62B55 Undecided
fprintf 0x724E0 Undecided
fwrite 0x657DD Undecided
malloc 0x46448 Undecided
printf 0x7259A Undecided
fprintf 0x63D6F Undecided
fprintf 0x87823 Undecided
fwrite 0x65DF8 Undecided
malloc 0x46471 Undecided
printf 0x72D6E Undecided



memcheck-double-release:
Time: 01:04:34
Total: 2

memcheck-out-of-bound:
Time: 01:04:34
Total: 10

memcheck-use-after-release:
Time: 01:04:34
Total: 24

value-was-used-before-check:
Time: 01:04:34
Total: 276
