Size: 113K

 Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:07

__errno_location Confirmed
ctime Confirmed
exit Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
fread Confirmed
fseek Confirmed
ftell Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
getenv Confirmed
perror Confirmed
printf Confirmed
putchar Confirmed
puts Confirmed
rename Confirmed
sprintf Confirmed
time Confirmed

 Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:06

args_callback_longoption Undecided
enumerateUsedIDs Undecided
sub_2b7c Undecided
swf_WriteTag Undecided

 Complex:
 Time: 00:00:09

enumerateUsedIDs Undecided
main Undecided
normalcombine Undecided
write_master Undecided

 Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:07

main Undecided
zlib_error Undecided

Null:
 Time: 00:18:13

swf_SetLosslessBitsIndexed 0x5DDD Undecided
swf_Relocate 0x9ABE Undecided
swf_Optimize 0xA1EE Undecided
swf_ReadABCfile 0xCD21 Undecided

Unused:
Time: 00:06:55
close 0x4D17 Undecided
fprintf 0x6B7B Undecided
fputc 0x6CB1 Undecided
fwrite 0xC91D Undecided
printf 0x287C Undecided
puts 0x2916 Undecided
close 0x5057 Undecided
fprintf 0x6B95 Undecided
fputc 0x6CC0 Undecided
fwrite 0xC9E5 Undecided
printf 0x2890 Undecided
puts 0x2922 Undecided
close 0x563A Undecided
fprintf 0x6BD7 Undecided
fputc 0xAA1B Undecided
fwrite 0xCE6D Undecided
printf 0x28A4 Undecided
puts 0x292E Undecided
close 0xCC88 Undecided
fprintf 0x6C21 Undecided
fwrite 0x2322 Undecided
fwrite 0xD2F3 Undecided
printf 0x28B8 Undecided
puts 0x293A Undecided
close 0xD3AB Undecided
fprintf 0x6C97 Undecided
fwrite 0x2509 Undecided
fwrite 0xE08D Undecided
printf 0x296F Undecided
puts 0x2946 Undecided
close 0xDFB3 Undecided
fprintf 0x7C0A Undecided
fwrite 0x4C29 Undecided
fwrite 0xE420 Undecided
printf 0x2F4F Undecided
puts 0x295E Undecided
close 0xE22A Undecided
fprintf 0x8142 Undecided
fwrite 0x6807 Undecided
fwrite 0xE4BB Undecided
printf 0x6CE2 Undecided
puts 0x297B Undecided
close 0xE366 Undecided
fprintf 0x851B Undecided
fwrite 0x6903 Undecided
fwrite 0xE71D Undecided
printf 0x6CF7 Undecided
puts 0x6DB7 Undecided
fclose 0xE0AE Undecided
fprintf 0x8985 Undecided
fwrite 0x74DB Undecided
fwrite 0xE73F Undecided
printf 0x6D0C Undecided
puts 0x6DDC Undecided
fclose 0xE0B6 Undecided
fprintf 0x9B9F Undecided
fwrite 0x7524 Undecided
fwrite 0xE7A2 Undecided
printf 0x6D20 Undecided
puts 0xF9DA Undecided
fclose 0xE14D Undecided
fprintf 0xA42A Undecided
fwrite 0x78DA Undecided
fwrite 0xE7D4 Undecided
printf 0x6D34 Undecided
puts 0xFD28 Undecided
fclose 0xF6B4 Undecided
fprintf 0xA517 Undecided
fwrite 0x7E85 Undecided
fwrite 0xE87C Undecided
printf 0x6D5C Undecided
sprintf 0x5202 Undecided
fclose 0xF73A Undecided
fprintf 0xA565 Undecided
fwrite 0x996B Undecided
fwrite 0xEFA7 Undecided
printf 0x6D79 Undecided
sprintf 0xD4B0 Undecided
fprintf 0x2568 Undecided
fprintf 0xA5D6 Undecided
fwrite 0x9A9E Undecided
fwrite 0xEFEC Undecided
printf 0x6D92 Undecided
sprintf 0xDEBD Undecided
fprintf 0x25EF Undecided
fprintf 0xA652 Undecided
fwrite 0x9C19 Undecided
fwrite 0xF05A Undecided
printf 0x6DAB Undecided
sprintf 0xDF04 Undecided
fprintf 0x267C Undecided
fprintf 0xA8A3 Undecided
fwrite 0x9DCB Undecided
fwrite 0xF07C Undecided
printf 0x6DD0 Undecided
sprintf 0xF922 Undecided
fprintf 0x5BFE Undecided
fprintf 0xA9B9 Undecided
fwrite 0x9E25 Undecided
fwrite 0xF134 Undecided
printf 0x6DF1 Undecided
sprintf 0xFC68 Undecided
fprintf 0x5C7F Undecided
fprintf 0xA9FE Undecided
fwrite 0xAE9D Undecided
fwrite 0xF159 Undecided
printf 0x6E06 Undecided
strcat 0xDDF2 Undecided
fprintf 0x5E12 Undecided
fprintf 0xC3A6 Undecided
fwrite 0xB07F Undecided
fwrite 0xF17E Undecided
printf 0x6E1B Undecided
strcpy 0xDD49 Undecided
fprintf 0x5FCC Undecided
fprintf 0xD2CD Undecided
fwrite 0xB0CC Undecided
fwrite 0xF1A3 Undecided
printf 0x6E91 Undecided
strcpy 0xF80E Undecided
fprintf 0x64CC Undecided
fprintf 0xD3E2 Undecided
fwrite 0xB60D Undecided
lseek 0xE241 Undecided
printf 0x6ECF Undecided
strcpy 0xFB53 Undecided
fprintf 0x6513 Undecided
fprintf 0xD62A Undecided
fwrite 0xBC28 Undecided
memcpy 0x904A Undecided
printf 0x6F32 Undecided
strtod 0x21FE Undecided
fprintf 0x654A Undecided
fprintf 0xDBD2 Undecided
fwrite 0xBC6A Undecided
memcpy 0xA69C Undecided
printf 0x7502 Undecided
strtod 0x2238 Undecided
fprintf 0x661D Undecided
fprintf 0xDC4C Undecided
fwrite 0xBC95 Undecided
memcpy 0xA6E5 Undecided
putchar 0x2868 Undecided
strtod 0x22CC Undecided
fprintf 0x6933 Undecided
fprintf 0xE50D Undecided
fwrite 0xC0E3 Undecided
memcpy 0xE3F3 Undecided
putchar 0x28C2 Undecided
strtol 0x2294 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A36 Undecided
fprintf 0xE58C Undecided
fwrite 0xC141 Undecided
memcpy 0xE48B Undecided
puts 0x28CE Undecided
strtol 0x2398 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A61 Undecided
fprintf 0xF9AF Undecided
fwrite 0xC4BD Undecided
memset 0x3DC4 Undecided
puts 0x28DA Undecided
strtol 0x23D9 Undecided
fprintf 0x6A87 Undecided
fprintf 0xFCF5 Undecided
fwrite 0xC4E7 Undecided
memset 0x9921 Undecided
puts 0x28E6 Undecided
strtol 0x2415 Undecided
fprintf 0x6AA5 Undecided
fprintf 0xFD82 Undecided
fwrite 0xC511 Undecided
memset 0xE1BA Undecided
puts 0x28F2 Undecided
unlink 0xE0BE Undecided
fprintf 0x6ABD Undecided
fprintf 0xFDEA Undecided
fwrite 0xC76E Undecided
memset 0xEEC7 Undecided
puts 0x28FE Undecided
write 0xD4E5 Undecided
fprintf 0x6B30 Undecided
fprintf 0xFE36 Undecided
fwrite 0xC84C Undecided
printf 0x2540 Undecided
puts 0x290A Undecided

memcheck-out-of-bound:
Time: 00:08:21
Total: 3

memcheck-use-after-release:
Time: 00:08:21
Total: 27

value-was-used-before-check:
Time: 00:08:21
Total: 59
