Size: 1.6M

 Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:12

__errno_location Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
putchar Confirmed
exit Confirmed
fputc Confirmed
puts Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
fputs Confirmed
rename Confirmed
ferror Confirmed
fwrite Confirmed
setlocale Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
getenv Confirmed
ungetc Confirmed

 Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:12

copy_filter_list Undecided
sub_11d83 Undecided
sub_20eea Undecided
flow_exit Undecided
sub_154b0 Undecided
sub_27930 Undecided
iostat_init Undecided
sub_2086e Undecided
sub_28f00 Undecided
phs_draw Undecided
sub_20e3b Undecided
sub_29bd0 Undecided
sub_101da Undecided
sub_20ec9 Undecided
tree_traverse_pre_order.constprop.0 Undecided
sub_119b7 Undecided
sub_20edc Undecided

 Complex:
 Time: 00:00:16

iostat_draw Undecided
main Undecided
sub_101fd Undecided
sub_2e750 Undecided

 Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:15

not found

 Null:
 Time: 00:32:20

 False_pos: 1

protohierstat_packet 0x2955B Undecided
display_dissector_table_names 0x2FB0C Undecided


 Unused:
Time: 00:12:48
close 0x14E43 Undecided
fputs 0xEC39 Undecided
fwrite 0x18DEA Undecided
fwrite 0x1A53E Undecided
putchar 0x29BB1 Undecided
puts 0x24C1C Undecided
close 0x151A0 Undecided
fputs 0xEC48 Undecided
fwrite 0x18E03 Undecided
fwrite 0x1F360 Undecided
putchar 0x29CE3 Undecided
puts 0x24C28 Undecided
close 0x1B96F Undecided
fwrite 0x10E0A Undecided
fwrite 0x18E1C Undecided
fwrite 0x1F37D Undecided
putchar 0x2A4F9 Undecided
puts 0x24D99 Undecided
close 0x1B978 Undecided
fwrite 0x12677 Undecided
fwrite 0x18E35 Undecided
fwrite 0x21FF0 Undecided
putchar 0x2AE09 Undecided
puts 0x24E1A Undecided
close 0x1BA08 Undecided
fwrite 0x18845 Undecided
fwrite 0x18E4E Undecided
fwrite 0x24FFD Undecided
putchar 0x2B2D9 Undecided
puts 0x24E26 Undecided
close 0x1BA11 Undecided
fwrite 0x1886B Undecided
fwrite 0x18E67 Undecided
fwrite 0x2556D Undecided
putchar 0x2B748 Undecided
puts 0x2518C Undecided
close 0x1BA44 Undecided
fwrite 0x18884 Undecided
fwrite 0x18E80 Undecided
fwrite 0x2654A Undecided
putchar 0x2B89E Undecided
puts 0x25198 Undecided
close 0x1BA4C Undecided
fwrite 0x1889D Undecided
fwrite 0x18E99 Undecided
fwrite 0x268B9 Undecided
putchar 0x2B96F Undecided
puts 0x25309 Undecided
close 0x1BA6D Undecided
fwrite 0x188B6 Undecided
fwrite 0x18EB2 Undecided
fwrite 0x26980 Undecided
puts 0x16127 Undecided
puts 0x2538A Undecided
close 0x1BA76 Undecided
fwrite 0x188CF Undecided
fwrite 0x18ECB Undecided
fwrite 0x269A7 Undecided
puts 0x16209 Undecided
puts 0x25396 Undecided
close 0x1BA8C Undecided
fwrite 0x188E8 Undecided
fwrite 0x18EE4 Undecided
fwrite 0x290C5 Undecided
puts 0x16985 Undecided
puts 0x27520 Undecided
close 0x1BA95 Undecided
fwrite 0x1891C Undecided
fwrite 0x18EFD Undecided
fwrite 0x292B5 Undecided
puts 0x1699E Undecided
puts 0x2766B Undecided
close 0x1C382 Undecided
fwrite 0x18935 Undecided
fwrite 0x18F16 Undecided
fwrite 0x296D5 Undecided
puts 0x169C0 Undecided
puts 0x28D6D Undecided
close 0x1C3E4 Undecided
fwrite 0x1894E Undecided
fwrite 0x18F2F Undecided
fwrite 0x2B37B Undecided
puts 0x16BFA Undecided
puts 0x28D79 Undecided
close 0x1C451 Undecided
fwrite 0x18967 Undecided
fwrite 0x18F48 Undecided
fwrite 0x2B398 Undecided
puts 0x16C37 Undecided
puts 0x28DA0 Undecided
close 0x1CBE9 Undecided
fwrite 0x18980 Undecided
fwrite 0x18F61 Undecided
fwrite 0x2B3B5 Undecided
puts 0x16C57 Undecided
puts 0x28DAC Undecided
close 0x1CF61 Undecided
fwrite 0x189A6 Undecided
fwrite 0x18F7A Undecided
fwrite 0x2B3D2 Undecided
puts 0x16C77 Undecided
puts 0x28EBC Undecided
close 0x1CF98 Undecided
fwrite 0x189BF Undecided
fwrite 0x18F93 Undecided
fwrite 0x2B3EF Undecided
puts 0x180E7 Undecided
puts 0x29425 Undecided
close 0x1D53A Undecided
fwrite 0x189D8 Undecided
fwrite 0x18FAC Undecided
fwrite 0x2E732 Undecided
puts 0x1EAD7 Undecided
puts 0x29431 Undecided
close 0x1D54B Undecided
fwrite 0x189F1 Undecided
fwrite 0x18FC5 Undecided
fwrite 0x2F35D Undecided
puts 0x1ECEE Undecided
puts 0x29AFB Undecided
close 0x1D5CF Undecided
fwrite 0x18A0A Undecided
fwrite 0x18FDE Undecided
fwrite 0xFA60 Undecided
puts 0x1F636 Undecided
puts 0x29B07 Undecided
close 0x1D61C Undecided
fwrite 0x18A23 Undecided
fwrite 0x18FF7 Undecided
getgid 0x1C6ED Undecided
puts 0x1FE3E Undecided
puts 0x29B80 Undecided
close 0x1D624 Undecided
fwrite 0x18A3C Undecided
fwrite 0x19010 Undecided
getuid 0x1C6E5 Undecided
puts 0x1FE91 Undecided
puts 0x29CEF Undecided
close 0x1DB48 Undecided
fwrite 0x18A55 Undecided
fwrite 0x19029 Undecided
memcpy 0x2E197 Undecided
puts 0x2011B Undecided
puts 0x29CFB Undecided
close 0x1E377 Undecided
fwrite 0x18A6E Undecided
fwrite 0x19042 Undecided
memcpy 0x2F848 Undecided
puts 0x203E4 Undecided
puts 0x29D07 Undecided
close 0x1E420 Undecided
fwrite 0x18A87 Undecided
fwrite 0x1905B Undecided
memset 0x21273 Undecided
puts 0x204A2 Undecided
puts 0x29E52 Undecided
close 0x1F1AE Undecided
fwrite 0x18AA0 Undecided
fwrite 0x19074 Undecided
memset 0x287AB Undecided
puts 0x2058B Undecided
puts 0x2A1F5 Undecided
dup2 0x1BA64 Undecided
fwrite 0x18AB9 Undecided
fwrite 0x1908D Undecided
putchar 0x18088 Undecided
puts 0x209DC Undecided
puts 0x2A427 Undecided
dup2 0x1BA84 Undecided
fwrite 0x18ADF Undecided
fwrite 0x190A6 Undecided
putchar 0x18118 Undecided
puts 0x20BA7 Undecided
puts 0x2A505 Undecided
dup2 0x1CF8F Undecided
fwrite 0x18AF8 Undecided
fwrite 0x190BF Undecided
putchar 0x181C0 Undecided
puts 0x20BB3 Undecided
puts 0x2A52C Undecided
fclose 0x2D88C Undecided
fwrite 0x18B11 Undecided
fwrite 0x190D8 Undecided
putchar 0x1FE32 Undecided
puts 0x20BBF Undecided
puts 0x2A54F Undecided
fclose 0x2DBDB Undecided
fwrite 0x18B2A Undecided
fwrite 0x190F1 Undecided
putchar 0x203D8 Undecided
puts 0x20BCB Undecided
puts 0x2A587 Undecided
fputc 0x12488 Undecided
fwrite 0x18B43 Undecided
fwrite 0x1910A Undecided
putchar 0x20470 Undecided
puts 0x20D99 Undecided
puts 0x2A89F Undecided
fputc 0x1882C Undecided
fwrite 0x18B5C Undecided
fwrite 0x19123 Undecided
putchar 0x2054E Undecided
puts 0x217DC Undecided
puts 0x2A8C1 Undecided
fputc 0x18852 Undecided
fwrite 0x18B75 Undecided
fwrite 0x1913C Undecided
putchar 0x209D0 Undecided
puts 0x217E8 Undecided
puts 0x2A8CD Undecided
fputc 0x1898D Undecided
fwrite 0x18B8E Undecided
fwrite 0x19155 Undecided
putchar 0x20A3E Undecided
puts 0x217F4 Undecided
puts 0x2A8D9 Undecided
fputc 0x18AC6 Undecided
fwrite 0x18BA7 Undecided
fwrite 0x1916E Undecided
putchar 0x20B9B Undecided
puts 0x22ECB Undecided
puts 0x2AE15 Undecided
fputc 0x1922A Undecided
fwrite 0x18BDD Undecided
fwrite 0x19187 Undecided
putchar 0x20DEB Undecided
puts 0x22ED7 Undecided
puts 0x2AE6C Undecided
fputc 0x192FF Undecided
fwrite 0x18BF6 Undecided
fwrite 0x191A0 Undecided
putchar 0x20E28 Undecided
puts 0x234E9 Undecided
puts 0x2AE8F Undecided
fputc 0x1A96C Undecided
fwrite 0x18C0F Undecided
fwrite 0x191B9 Undecided
putchar 0x21031 Undecided
puts 0x23E2E Undecided
puts 0x2AEDF Undecided
fputc 0xEB3E Undecided
fwrite 0x18C28 Undecided
fwrite 0x191D2 Undecided
putchar 0x217D0 Undecided
puts 0x23E3A Undecided
puts 0x2B2E5 Undecided
fputc 0xEB5A Undecided
fwrite 0x18C41 Undecided
fwrite 0x191EB Undecided
putchar 0x22A91 Undecided
puts 0x23E46 Undecided
puts 0x2B2F1 Undecided
fputc 0xEC0C Undecided
fwrite 0x18C5A Undecided
fwrite 0x19204 Undecided
putchar 0x23E22 Undecided
puts 0x23EDD Undecided
puts 0x2B8AA Undecided
fputc 0xF558 Undecided
fwrite 0x18C73 Undecided
fwrite 0x1921D Undecided
putchar 0x2458B Undecided
puts 0x23F61 Undecided
puts 0x2B8B6 Undecided
fputs 0xEB4D Undecided
fwrite 0x18C8C Undecided
fwrite 0x19243 Undecided
putchar 0x24849 Undecided
puts 0x23FE9 Undecided
puts 0x2B987 Undecided
fputs 0xEB69 Undecided
fwrite 0x18CA5 Undecided
fwrite 0x1925C Undecided
putchar 0x24C10 Undecided
puts 0x24071 Undecided
puts 0x2B993 Undecided
fputs 0xEB78 Undecided
fwrite 0x18CBE Undecided
fwrite 0x19275 Undecided
putchar 0x25180 Undecided
puts 0x240F9 Undecided
strtol 0x2BF7D Undecided
fputs 0xEB87 Undecided
fwrite 0x18CD7 Undecided
fwrite 0x1928E Undecided
putchar 0x26F57 Undecided
puts 0x24181 Undecided
ungetc 0x2D507 Undecided
fputs 0xEB96 Undecided
fwrite 0x18CF0 Undecided
fwrite 0x192A7 Undecided
putchar 0x26F6F Undecided
puts 0x24209 Undecided
unlink 0x14D14 Undecided
fputs 0xEBA5 Undecided
fwrite 0x18D09 Undecided
fwrite 0x192C0 Undecided
putchar 0x27510 Undecided
puts 0x24291 Undecided
unlink 0x14D34 Undecided
fputs 0xEBB4 Undecided
fwrite 0x18D22 Undecided
fwrite 0x192D9 Undecided
putchar 0x277E8 Undecided
puts 0x242FF Undecided
unlink 0x14D54 Undecided
fputs 0xEBC3 Undecided
fwrite 0x18D3B Undecided
fwrite 0x192F2 Undecided
putchar 0x277F6 Undecided
puts 0x2430B Undecided
unlink 0x14EC5 Undecided
fputs 0xEBD2 Undecided
fwrite 0x18D54 Undecided
fwrite 0x19318 Undecided
putchar 0x27B02 Undecided
puts 0x2455B Undecided
unlink 0x1AA24 Undecided
fputs 0xEBE1 Undecided
fwrite 0x18D6D Undecided
fwrite 0x19331 Undecided
putchar 0x27B40 Undecided
puts 0x24567 Undecided
unlink 0x2D894 Undecided
fputs 0xEBF0 Undecided
fwrite 0x18D86 Undecided
fwrite 0x1934A Undecided
putchar 0x27B4E Undecided
puts 0x24855 Undecided
unlink 0x2D8E7 Undecided
fputs 0xEBFF Undecided
fwrite 0x18D9F Undecided
fwrite 0x19394 Undecided
putchar 0x2852A Undecided
puts 0x2487C Undecided
unlink 0x2D976 Undecided
fputs 0xEC1B Undecided
fwrite 0x18DB8 Undecided
fwrite 0x19424 Undecided
putchar 0x28EF1 Undecided
puts 0x2489F Undecided
fputs 0xEC2A Undecided
fwrite 0x18DD1 Undecided
fwrite 0x194B1 Undecided
putchar 0x29419 Undecided
puts 0x248D7 Undecided


 value-was-used-before-check:
 Time: 00:17:10
 Total: 19
