Size: 114K

Forbidden:
Time: 00:00:05

__errno_location Confirmed
gmtime Confirmed
atoi Confirmed
localtime Confirmed
exit Confirmed
mktime Confirmed
fclose Confirmed
perror Confirmed
fflush Confirmed
printf Confirmed
fopen Confirmed
putchar Confirmed
fprintf Confirmed
puts Confirmed
fread Confirmed
signal Confirmed
fseek Confirmed
system Confirmed
ftell Confirmed
vprintf Confirmed
getenv Confirmed

Recursive:
 Time: 00:00:05

not found

Complex:
 Time: 00:00:07

not found

Non-structural:
 Time: 00:00:06

not found

Null:
 Time: 00:12:49

dl_list_del 0xCB7F Undecided
eloop_cancel_timeout 0xD4DC Undecided
eloop_cancel_timeout_one 0xD5DA Undecided

Unused:
Time: 00:03:55
alarm 0xD910 Undecided
memset 0x9412 Undecided
printf 0x9EEB Undecided
puts 0x5635 Undecided
puts 0x643E Undecided
puts 0x924B Undecided
alarm 0xD9A8 Undecided
memset 0xB914 Undecided
printf 0x9F0C Undecided
puts 0x5641 Undecided
puts 0x64B0 Undecided
puts 0xC523 Undecided
close 0x94B8 Undecided
memset 0xC2DD Undecided
printf 0x9F33 Undecided
puts 0x5664 Undecided
puts 0x654A Undecided
random 0xC574 Undecided
close 0x9527 Undecided
memset 0xCBCC Undecided
printf 0x9F61 Undecided
puts 0x5745 Undecided
puts 0x65DC Undecided
setenv 0xC740 Undecided
close 0x95C5 Undecided
printf 0x4891 Undecided
printf 0x9F8B Undecided
puts 0x57D0 Undecided
puts 0x663F Undecided
sleep 0xC155 Undecided
close 0x9609 Undecided
printf 0x48BC Undecided
printf 0x9FAB Undecided
puts 0x5822 Undecided
puts 0x6822 Undecided
snprintf 0x426B Undecided
fclose 0xC4C0 Undecided
printf 0x48F6 Undecided
printf 0xE188 Undecided
puts 0x5A17 Undecided
puts 0x685C Undecided
snprintf 0x480A Undecided
fclose 0xC553 Undecided
printf 0x4B14 Undecided
printf 0xE26F Undecided
puts 0x5A34 Undecided
puts 0x68C0 Undecided
snprintf 0x551D Undecided
fclose 0xC7D1 Undecided
printf 0x4DE2 Undecided
printf 0xE2D9 Undecided
puts 0x5AFC Undecided
puts 0x6924 Undecided
snprintf 0x55A7 Undecided
fclose 0xC80C Undecided
printf 0x6D3C Undecided
putchar 0x492D Undecided
puts 0x5B96 Undecided
puts 0x69FF Undecided
snprintf 0x58F8 Undecided
fclose 0xC83C Undecided
printf 0x7235 Undecided
putchar 0x7292 Undecided
puts 0x5C28 Undecided
puts 0x6A51 Undecided
snprintf 0x5982 Undecided
fclose 0xC87A Undecided
printf 0x7268 Undecided
putchar 0x7A8C Undecided
puts 0x5C9A Undecided
puts 0x6C05 Undecided
snprintf 0x75DA Undecided
fclose 0xC899 Undecided
printf 0x776A Undecided
putchar 0x9D26 Undecided
puts 0x5D34 Undecided
puts 0x6C3C Undecided
snprintf 0x8760 Undecided
fclose 0xC8DC Undecided
printf 0x7A1A Undecided
putchar 0x9DEE Undecided
puts 0x5DC6 Undecided
puts 0x6C81 Undecided
strdup 0xC5BA Undecided
fprintf 0x90E3 Undecided
printf 0x7A71 Undecided
putchar 0xA007 Undecided
puts 0x5E38 Undecided
puts 0x6DC7 Undecided
unlink 0x9515 Undecided
fprintf 0x920A Undecided
printf 0x7AB6 Undecided
putchar 0xA02A Undecided
puts 0x5ED2 Undecided
puts 0x72AD Undecided
unlink 0x9619 Undecided
fprintf 0xC4B4 Undecided
printf 0x8463 Undecided
putchar 0xA043 Undecided
puts 0x5F64 Undecided
puts 0x81D1 Undecided
unlink 0x96AB Undecided
memcpy 0x78A9 Undecided
printf 0x8A9B Undecided
puts 0x40D1 Undecided
puts 0x5FD6 Undecided
puts 0x837A Undecided
unlink 0xC4E6 Undecided
memcpy 0xB93C Undecided
printf 0x8E85 Undecided
puts 0x46AD Undecided
puts 0x6070 Undecided
puts 0x8493 Undecided
unsetenv 0xC75A Undecided
memcpy 0xB95C Undecided
printf 0x9076 Undecided
puts 0x4786 Undecided
puts 0x6102 Undecided
puts 0x84CB Undecided
memcpy 0xB9A1 Undecided
printf 0x9C66 Undecided
puts 0x47C0 Undecided
puts 0x6174 Undecided
puts 0x85FA Undecided
memcpy 0xB9C6 Undecided
printf 0x9D74 Undecided
puts 0x4A99 Undecided
puts 0x620E Undecided
puts 0x8AED Undecided
memcpy 0xBA2B Undecided
printf 0x9DC2 Undecided
puts 0x4E90 Undecided
puts 0x62A0 Undecided
puts 0x8B07 Undecided
memcpy 0xC6B0 Undecided
printf 0x9DE4 Undecided
puts 0x52A5 Undecided
puts 0x6312 Undecided
puts 0x8D89 Undecided
memcpy 0xC6E1 Undecided
printf 0x9EC3 Undecided
puts 0x5397 Undecided
puts 0x63AC Undecided
puts 0x917B Undecided


hardcoded-socket-address:
Time: 00:20:33
Total: 2

memcheck-use-after-release:
Time: 00:20:33
Total: 5

value-was-used-before-check:
Time: 00:20:33
Total: 60
